always avoid the green room and go to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until you pass through orange room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark three
move to landmark two without leaving the second floor .
visit landmark one but do n t leave the first floor .
go to the orange room while staying on the third floor .
avoid the red room until navigating to the blue room .
always avoid landmark three and go to the blue room .
go to the orange room through the first floor
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark three
go to landmark one while staying on the second floor .
go through the purple room first then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one then down to the purple room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the green room
move to the third floor travelling through the red room .
proceed to landmark three but never move outside of the red room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark one .
head to the green room and then head to the second floor .
pass through the blue room on your way to the second floor .
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark three .
go to the second floor before you go to the first floor .
head to the red room and then head to the first floor .
proceed to landmark two but never move outside of the purple room .
avoid landmark two until reaching the purple room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the purple room .
go through the orange room then make your way to landmark three .
go to the green room without going to the orange room . if you reached the green room now you can go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the green room .
stay on the second floor and go to the orange room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the red room
avoid the yellow room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the yellow room .
go through the purple room before going to landmark one
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark one
move to the green room and then the yellow room .
go to the second floor and then to landmark three .
while always avoiding the blue room go to landmark two .
go to the third floor without going through the green room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the green room or be done .
move to anywhere on the second floor then move to anywhere on the first floor .
go to the second floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the blue room or be done .
go through the yellow room before going to the purple room .
go through landmark two before going to the second floor .
go to the green room through the third floor
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to second floor .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark one
move to the third floor without entering the purple room .
go to the orange room by touching the purple room .
go to the purple room through landmark one .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the green room .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark one . if you reached the green room then you can proceed to landmark one .
pass through landmark two before going to the first floor .
go to the purple room before going to the green room .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
go through landmark one to the blue room .
navigate to the green room but never go to the purple room .
first go to the red room and then go to landmark one .
navigate to the second floor via the blue room .
avoid landmark three and move into the blue room .
move to the purple room .
avoid the red room until after you ve gone to the green room .
go to landmark two and remain within the purple room .
stay on the second floor while going to the red room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to landmark one .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the green room
avoid the purple room until going to the green room .
go from the red room to the yellow room
navigate through landmark one then go to landmark two .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark one .
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark three .
avoid the green room
go to the blue room and then go to the green room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the green room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the purple room .
go through landmark three on your way to the first floor .
avoid landmark three until after the yellow room
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark one .
go to the purple room through the first floor
avoid the green room and go to the yellow room .
move to the green room then continue to the red room .
avoid landmark one until navigating to landmark three .
go to the green room without touching landmark three .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark one .
go through landmark three then go to landmark two .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark two .
go to the green room then go to the red room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the purple room
go through the first floor and navigate to the purple room .
avoid landmark two until going to the yellow room .
go to the blue room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark three .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the green room .
avoid the red room until you enter the blue room .
avoid the red room until going to the purple room .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark two .
do n t leave the red room and go to landmark two .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark three .
go from the onest floor to landmark one
go to the second floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the orange room or be done .
go to orange room but do not go to red room .
avoid landmark two until going to the orange room .
go to the green room by touching the yellow room .
go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room through landmark two .
go to the second floor and then go to the purple room .
go through the red room before going to landmark two
go to orange room and then to red room
remain on the third floor and move to the orange room .
go to the orange room then go to landmark one .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark three .
avoid the green room until going to the first floor .
head to the red room but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark three
always avoid the green room and go to landmark one .
go to landmark two and then go to the onest floor .
avoid the red room until passing landmark two .
avoid the red room until after going to the third floor .
go through landmark one before going to the green room .
head to the red room but make sure to go through the blue room first .
go to the yellow room then go to the red room .
go to the green room without going to the red room
go to the second floor then navigate to the green room .
go through the first floor to the blue room
go to landmark three then go to landmark two .
go to the twond floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there or head to the orange room .
navigate from the first floor to the blue room .
without stepping outside of the green room go to landmark three .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the blue room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark one .
go to the onest floor
always go through the orange room and then to landmark one .
visit the purple room and then move to the second floor .
go to the blue room but do not enter the orange room first .
go to landmark two then head to the first floor .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the purple room
proceed to the orange room but do n t leave the third floor .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the red room .
go through the blue room to the second floor .
go to the yellow room by touching the orange room .
navigate to the third floor through the yellow room .
navigate through landmark one and go to the purple room .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to the first floor then go to the second floor .
stay on the second floor and go to landmark two .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark one and remain within the purple room .
avoid the red room until you go to the third floor .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the purple room .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to third floor .
from the first floor navigate to the green room .
go to the yellow room by first going through the orange room .
avoid the purple room until after you ve gone to the green room .
go to landmark two but always stay away from landmark three .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the red room .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the green room .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the yellow room .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark two .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the yellow room .
move to the green room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go through the orange room to the first floor .
go to landmark one and then the purple room
go to the third floor without going through the red room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the red room or be done .
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
go through landmark two and navigate to the purple room .
without stepping outside of the orange room go to landmark one .
stay in the red room to get to landmark three .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark two . if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
go to the twond floor and then go to the green room .
navigate to the orange room by passing through the second floor .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the green room .
go to landmark three before going to the orange room .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark two .
go to landmark one only through the twond floor
go through the yellow room before navigating to landmark two .
go to the third floor without going to the red room .
go to landmark one after navigating to the third floor .
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
avoid the purple room until you go to the red room .
go to the yellow room before going to the red room .
avoid the purple room until going to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until you go to the first floor .
go to landmark one without leaving purple room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark one
go to landmark one by going through landmark three
navigate to the third floor but do n t ever go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until after you ve gone to the purple room .
head to the blue room but first go to the third floor .
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark three .
go to landmark one after navigating to the first floor .
go to landmark two by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
move to the first floor .
stay on the first floor while going to the yellow room .
go through landmark one before going to the first floor .
go from the second floor to the purple room
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the second floor .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the green room .
go through the third floor to the green room .
avoid landmark one until going to landmark three .
go to landmark three and then go to the onest floor .
go to landmark two .
move to the first floor by going through the blue room
go to landmark three by only navigating within the purple room .
go to the third floor without going to the yellow room .
go to the third floor via the orange room .
go to the orange room without going to the green room
remain on the third floor and move to the green room .
go through landmark one before going to the blue room .
avoid the red room on your way to landmark two .
visit the yellow room and then move to the second floor .
always go through the red room before going to landmark one .
go to landmark three but do not enter the blue room first .
go to landmark three and always avoid the orange room
go through the orange room to the green room .
go to the orange room without going to the blue room
navigate to the yellow room through the orange room .
move to landmark one but go through the blue room first .
go to the twond floor but avoid the red room .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the orange room .
go to the green room avoiding landmark two .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark two .
navigate to landmark three through the green room .
go to the green room and avoid the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until landmark three .
always go through landmark two and then to the orange room .
proceed to the yellow room .
go through landmark one to the orange room .
move to landmark one after moving to the third floor .
head to the purple room but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go through the red room then make your way to landmark two .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark two .
go to the twond floor and then go to the purple room .
go through the orange room to landmark two .
go to landmark three before going to the blue room .
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
always avoid landmark three and go to the first floor .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the orange room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the orange room .
go through landmark three on your way to the third floor .
go to landmark one and avoid the green room
avoid the green room until reaching the second floor .
without leaving the purple room go to landmark two .
go to landmark one then down to the yellow room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the green room
without stepping outside of the yellow room go to landmark three .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the second floor .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the first floor .
go through the orange room before going to the green room .
go to the yellow room then go to the first floor .
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark one .
robot go to the blue room .
go from the first floor to landmark one .
go from twond floor to yellow room .
avoid landmark two until you pass through blue room .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the orange room .
go to landmark two through the onest floor
go to the red room through the third floor .
avoid the purple room until you go to the third floor .
go to the red room then go to the first floor .
navigate directly to landmark three .
head to the orange room and then head to the third floor .
navigate from the first floor to the red room .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the green room .
navigate to the red room by passing through the third floor .
go to landmark three before going to the orange room
go to the red room then go to the yellow room .
first navigate to the purple room then make your way to the orange room .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark two .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the first floor .
go to blue room and then to red room
go to landmark two while avoiding going through any other objects
go to landmark one without leaving the orange room .
move to the orange room .
move to landmark one after moving to the first floor .
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark one .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the red room .
go to the green room by first visiting landmark three .
go to landmark two and then go to the third floor .
move to the yellow room without leaving the third floor .
go to the yellow room then go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room .
remain on the second floor and move to the purple room .
go from twond floor to yellow room .
go to landmark one avoiding the first and third floors .
go from twond floor to orange room .
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark two
go from the twond floor to the orange room
go through the purple room and navigate to the second floor .
first go to landmark two then go to the green room .
go from the first floor to the yellow room
go through the red room to landmark one .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to the second floor but never go to the blue room .
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
head to the green room but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go through landmark three before going to the yellow room .
go to the blue room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the purple room .
go to landmark two always avoiding the red room .
go to the third floor by first going through the red room .
go to the purple room through the twond floor
avoid the yellow room until reaching the first floor .
go to the third floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the yellow room or be done .
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark three .
go to the red room avoiding landmark two .
navigate to the second floor before going to the blue room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the green room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark three
go to the second floor always avoiding the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the purple room .
go through the first floor to landmark one .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the orange room
go to landmark three and remain within the red room .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room
go to the blue room only through the onest floor
go to landmark three after navigating to the second floor .
go to the first floor but avoid the red room .
go to the purple room and go down to the onest floor .
go through the green room to the first floor .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the red room .
go to the yellow room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the purple room .
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark two without changing floors .
go through the yellow room before going to the green room .
go to the first floor .
go to the yellow room by touching the green room .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the purple room .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark one .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the red room .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark one .
proceed to landmark one but never move outside of the red room .
go to the orange room only through the onest floor
go to the orange room and then go to landmark two .
always avoid the green room and go to the red room .
always go to landmark three before landmark two .
go to the first floor and then go to the second floor .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to third floor .
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the third floor .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark three
always avoid going to landmark two through the red room
always go through the green room before going to landmark two .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark two .
go from the third floor to the yellow room .
go to the second floor via the purple room .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the purple room
head to landmark one after going to the yellow room .
go to the red room by first visiting landmark one .
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark three
always avoid the green room go to landmark one .
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark two .
first go to to landmark one then go to the blue room .
go through the green room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the second floor but do not go through the blue room first .
go to the blue room without touching landmark three .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark three .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the red room .
travel through the purple room then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the green room .
avoid the red room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the red room or just stay on the second floor .
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark one .
head to landmark three after going to the purple room .
go to the first floor and avoid the purple room .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark one .
head to the yellow room and then head to the first floor .
go to the red room while always avoiding the blue room
go through the red room to the purple room .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark three . if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark three .
go to the second floor always avoiding the blue room .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the green room .
avoid landmark three and move into the purple room .
go to the third floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the orange room
move to the first floor without entering the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room go to the second floor .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark two . if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
move to the second floor travelling through landmark three .
move to the green room first then travel to landmark one .
go to landmark two and avoid the green room
navigate to the first floor but do n t ever go to landmark three .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the red room .
go to the purple room via landmark two .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the yellow room
go to the second floor then move to the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark three
move to the second floor by going through the purple room
move to landmark one without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the green room .
move to the blue room and then the yellow room .
head to the third floor .
go to the red room through landmark two
go to the third floor by first going through the purple room .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark two .
avoid landmark three and go to the orange room .
go to landmark one and then go to the purple room .
go to the first floor but avoid the yellow room .
go to the green room through the third floor .
proceed to the red room .
go to the first floor then go to the blue room .
go to the purple room then go to the third floor .
go to the first floor via the green room .
avoid the yellow room until after you ve gone to the blue room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the third floor .
go to the blue room and then go to landmark two .
go to landmark one through the purple room
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
go to the purple room and go down to the onest floor .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark two
go to landmark three before going to the blue room
always avoid the blue room go to landmark one .
go to landmark three and avoid the purple room .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the red room .
head to the purple room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the blue room .
got to landmark three through the green room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark one and stop
go to the onest floor through landmark two
remain on the first floor and move to the red room .
always avoid the orange room and go to the yellow room .
go to the green room through the blue room
do n t leave the purple room and go to landmark three .
always avoid the purple room go to landmark two .
go to landmark two through landmark three .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark three . if you reached the orange room then you can proceed to landmark three .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the third floor .
go to landmark two and then the orange room
travel through the orange room then go to the red room .
move to the yellow room without leaving the second floor .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark one . if you reached the green room you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark one .
avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
go through the yellow room before going to the second floor .
avoid the green room until you go to landmark three .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark one .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark two .
do n t leave the yellow room and go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until going to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until going through landmark one .
move to landmark three without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the orange room .
avoid landmark two and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark two before navigating to the first floor .
avoid the purple room until after going to the third floor .
go to landmark three while avoiding going through any other objects
always avoid the landmark three and travel to landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room go to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until going to the green room .
travel through the orange room then go to the green room .
avoid the blue room until after going to the first floor .
go to landmark three while avoiding the first and third floor .
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark three
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the second floor .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark two .
head to the red room but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go through the yellow room then make your way to landmark three .
avoid landmark two and move into the blue room .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark two .
move to the yellow room then continue to the purple room .
go to the third floor and avoid landmark one .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the purple room .
while always avoiding the red room go to landmark three .
go through the green room before going to landmark one
go to the second floor then navigate to the red room .
go to the first floor and avoid the orange room .
go to the red room while staying on the first floor .
avoid the red room until passing landmark one .
go to the blue room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the blue room now you can go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark three .
go to the first floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the yellow room or be done .
go to landmark one before going to landmark three .
visit the purple room and then move to the first floor .
go to landmark three without changing floors
go to landmark one without leaving the purple room .
go to the second floor without going to the orange room .
go to third floor and then to landmark three
navigate to the first floor but do n t ever go to landmark one .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the red room .
go to red room but do not go to green room .
head to the green room but make sure to go through the red room first .
go to the yellow room through the orange room .
move to the third floor and then head to landmark three .
go to the blue room then go to landmark three .
avoid the blue room navigate to the purple room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark two . if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark two .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark three .
go to the second floor avoiding the yellow room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the yellow room
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the red room .
move to the blue room without leaving the first floor .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to landmark one before going to the blue room
go to the purple room without going to the blue room .
go to landmark one then down to the green room .
go to the onest floor through the red room
go to landmark two before going to the red room
go to the blue room without going through the yellow room .
go to landmark three then landmark two .
avoid the orange room until you go through the purple room .
go to the orange room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the purple room .
navigate from the second floor to the blue room .
proceed to landmark three but avoid landmark one on the way . if you have reached landmark three then you can proceed to landmark one .
while remaining within the red room go to landmark two .
go to the purple room without touching landmark two .
go to yellow room and then to purple room
go from the third floor to the purple room
navigate to the third floor but do n t ever go to landmark three .
go to landmark two then go to the blue room .
go to the first floor and avoid the green room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the orange room
navigate to the second floor before going to the orange room .
go to the second floor then go to the yellow room
go to the first floor but do not go through the purple room first .
go through the yellow room to the second floor .
avoid the orange room navigate to the purple room .
go to the orange room and go down to the onest floor .
always go through landmark three and then to the purple room .
go to second floor and then to landmark two
go from twond floor to red room .
go from the third floor to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room navigate to the purple room .
go to the green room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the orange room .
without leaving the third floor go to the purple room .
stay on the third floor to get to landmark three .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
go to landmark three avoiding the first and third floors .
always navigate to red room and then proceed to second floor .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark two
go to landmark one by only navigating within the purple room .
move to the blue room without changing floors .
go to the red room and avoid the green room .
go to the red room by first visiting landmark three .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark one .
avoid the green room until navigating to the blue room .
go to the orange room without ever leaving the second floor .
go to the blue room without going to the orange room . if you reached the blue room now you can go to the orange room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the blue room
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the purple room
go to the yellow room through the blue room
go to landmark one through the blue room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to landmark two .
go to the red room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the purple room .
go to landmark one avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
always go through landmark two and then to the blue room .
first navigate to the orange room then make your way to the red room .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark one .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the first floor .
go through the second floor and navigate to the red room .
avoid the blue room
go to the third floor then go to the orange room
first move to landmark two then navigate to the red room .
go to the second floor then go to the blue room .
go to the third floor then go to the green room .
go to or through landmark one . always avoid going to landmark one through landmark three
avoid the orange room until after going to the first floor .
go to the blue room by first going through landmark three .
go to landmark one and proceed to landmark three .
always go through the yellow room to get to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark two before going to the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor through the blue room .
always go through landmark three and then to the red room .
go to the onest floor through the blue room
go through the third floor to landmark one .
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
go through the first floor to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until reaching the first floor .
move to landmark two but go through the red room first .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark two .
go to the first floor through landmark three .
go through the second floor to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark three .
navigate to the first floor and then navigate to the second floor .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark one .
go to landmark one and always avoid the green room
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark three . if you reached the yellow room then you can proceed to landmark three .
go to the red room
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until landmark three .
go to the green room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark two but do not first pass through landmark three .
go to the red room and then go to the purple room .
go to the second floor and then go to the first floor .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the purple room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark two .
go to landmark one then go to the blue room .
go to the third floor without going to the blue room .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark one .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the blue room .
go to the green room then go to the third floor .
go to landmark three then go to landmark two
first go to to landmark two then go to the purple room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark three .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the yellow room
get to landmark three while avoiding landmark one
first navigate to the orange room then make your way to the yellow room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark two .
avoid the green room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the green room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the red room .
go to the blue room through landmark one .
go through the third floor to landmark two .
go to the yellow room then go to the purple room .
move to the green room avoiding landmark two . if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark two .
go to the yellow room then proceed to landmark one .
go through the red room then to the second floor .
go to the third floor but avoid the blue room .
avoid the orange room and go to the purple room .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark two .
stay in the red room and go to landmark one
avoid landmark three until reaching the orange room .
visit the green room and then move to the first floor .
do n t go into the red room until going to landmark three
move towards orange room and then to first floor .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark one but remain on the third floor .
go to landmark three before going to the third floor .
go to the twond floor but avoid the green room .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the purple room
go to the orange room through the purple room .
go through the orange room before going to the third floor .
avoid landmark two until reaching the red room .
avoid the orange room until going through landmark one .
go to the orange room via landmark two .
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark two .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the orange room
move to the orange room avoiding landmark two . if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark two .
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark three .
go through the green room to landmark three .
go through landmark one and navigate to the purple room .
while remaining within the green room go to landmark three .
navigate from the third floor to the yellow room .
go through landmark one before going to the purple room .
first navigate to the yellow room then make your way to the green room .
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
go to the yellow room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the green room through the second floor
remain on the first floor while going to the blue room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the red room .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the yellow room .
go through the blue room to the purple room .
navigate to landmark one through the second floor .
go to the orange room without going to the purple room
go to the red room and go down to the onest floor .
always pass landmark one to get to level one .
go to first floor without going into the purple room
go to the purple room before you go to landmark two .
go to the onest floor through the yellow room
avoid the yellow room until landmark one .
go through the orange room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the first floor avoiding landmark three .
move to the yellow room then continue to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the first floor .
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark two .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark two .
go to the onest floor through the orange room
go to the green room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the orange room .
go through the purple room before going to landmark two
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to the first floor through the orange room .
go from the blue room to the orange room
go to landmark three before going to the yellow room .
go to the second floor without going through the red room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the red room or be done .
go through landmark two and then to the onest floor .
go to the yellow room while staying on the third floor .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark three and stop
start on the threerd floor go directly to the onest floor .
go through the orange room then to the second floor .
avoid the red room until going to the third floor .
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the first floor .
stay on the third floor and go to the blue room .
go to the twond floor then go to the orange room
go to landmark one but remain on the first floor .
avoid the green room until going to landmark three .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark two .
do n t go into the orange room until going to landmark one
go to the red room by touching the blue room .
navigate to the blue room by passing through the first floor .
visit landmark three but do n t leave the third floor .
go to landmark one through the onest floor
go through the red room before going to landmark two
go to the second floor by first going through the green room .
go to the green room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the purple room .
travel through the purple room then go to the orange room .
go to the orange room only through the onest floor
go to the second floor always avoiding the red room .
go to the green room before you go to landmark one .
go to the orange room and then go to the purple room .
go to the green room without going to the yellow room
go to the twond floor and then go to the orange room .
stay on the first floor and move to landmark three .
go through the yellow room and navigate to the third floor .
stay on the second floor while going to the orange room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the yellow room .
go through the orange room to the third floor .
go to red room and then to purple room
go to landmark one but do not first go through the orange room .
avoid the blue room and go to the yellow room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the purple room
avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until you enter the purple room .
go to the third floor then navigate to the orange room .
go to second floor without going into the green room
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the purple room
avoid the yellow room until going to the second floor .
navigate to the first floor through the red room .
navigate from the second floor to the purple room .
go through the green room before going to the red room .
navigate to the purple room through the orange room .
go to the onest floor
go to the purple room then go to the first floor .
move to the yellow room and then the orange room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the purple room .
go to the purple room and then go to the green room .
always go through the green room before going to landmark one .
avoid the blue room and travel to the green room .
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
move towards green room and then to first floor .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the green room .
go to the purple room without going through the green room .
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark one .
go from the third floor to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the first floor .
pass through the orange room before going to the first floor .
avoid landmark two and move into the purple room .
go to the green room then go to the orange room .
move to the first floor travelling through the red room .
navigate to landmark two always avoiding landmark one .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room .
go to landmark three .
avoid landmark one until after the purple room
avoid the orange room and travel to the red room .
avoid the red room until reaching landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until landmark two .
visit the third floor and then proceed to the first floor .
go to the green room through the purple room .
avoid the green room until passing landmark two .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the green room .
first go to landmark three then go to the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the orange room .
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark two
go to the purple room and then go to landmark two .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the yellow room .
go to the green room then go to the first floor .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the orange room .
go to the orange room then go to landmark two .
go to the green room through landmark one
avoid the red room until going to the second floor .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the green room .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark three . if you reached the green room you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark three .
go through the first floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going through the red room .
go to landmark two by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
go to landmark two and remain within the orange room .
navigate to the red room but never go to the yellow room .
go through landmark three before going to the first floor .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the red room .
go through the red room to the yellow room .
avoid the red room and go to the first floor .
always avoid landmark two and go to the blue room .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the green room first .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the blue room .
navigate to the third floor via the purple room .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark three .
move to the green room first then travel to landmark two .
go to the first floor then go to landmark three .
go from the onest floor to landmark one
go to the green room without going to another floor .
go to the green room via landmark one .
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark one .
go from the third floor to the yellow room
avoid the purple room and go to the third floor .
remain on the first floor while going to the red room .
without leaving the green room go to landmark three .
go to landmark one and always avoid the orange room
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark three .
go to the purple room through landmark three
go to the second floor by going through landmark three .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark one .
go to the first floor without going through the green room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the green room or be done .
go from the third floor to the orange room
navigate from the second floor to the green room .
from the first floor navigate to the red room .
go to the third floor then go to the red room .
go to landmark one without changing floors
go to the orange room while staying on the first floor .
go to the orange room through the purple room
go to red room but do not go to orange room .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the red room .
go to the third floor always avoiding the purple room .
avoid landmark one until after you go to landmark two .
go to the green room while staying on the second floor .
go to the purple room and then go to the orange room .
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark one .
go to the purple room by touching the blue room .
go to the blue room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark one
go to landmark one by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the yellow room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the third floor then go landmark three .
go to the first floor and then go to the blue room .
avoid the purple room
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark three
go to the green room then go to landmark three .
go to the onest floor through the blue room
go to the second floor then go to the red room
go from the third floor to the green room
move to the third floor without entering the green room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the green room .
go to the green room through landmark two
go to landmark three through the red room
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
avoid landmark one and move into the yellow room .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark one .
always avoid the green room and go to the purple room .
go to the green room and avoid the red room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark one .
avoid the red room until going to the green room .
go to the red room without going to the green room
stay on the third floor while going to the red room .
move to the first floor travelling through the purple room .
go through landmark three and navigate to the red room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the blue room .
go to landmark two avoiding the first and third floors .
navigate to the blue room by passing through the third floor .
navigate to landmark two through the blue room .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the orange room .
proceed to landmark three but never move outside of the orange room .
move to landmark two without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the purple room .
go to a spot in the orange room but do n t touch landmark two .
always go through the blue room to get to the yellow room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the blue room .
go to the second floor through landmark two .
avoid the red room until you enter the green room .
go to the first floor and then go to the red room .
go to landmark one avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the green room and go down to the onest floor .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark three .
go through the third floor to landmark three .
avoid the red room until you go through the blue room .
avoid landmark one and go to the yellow room .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark one .
stay in the red room and go to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until after reaching landmark one .
go to the green room without going to the purple room
avoid the blue room and go to the green room .
go to the red room without going through the purple room .
go through the orange room and navigate to the second floor .
go to the twond floor avoiding the red room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there or head to the red room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark two
avoid landmark one until navigating to the blue room .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
go to orange room but do not go to purple room .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark three .
go to the red room through the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the orange room now you can go to the yellow room .
go through the blue room before going to the third floor .
navigate to the green room staying on the first floor .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room without going to the blue room
go to the red room through landmark three
avoid landmark one until you pass through blue room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until you go through the yellow room .
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark three .
go from the second floor to landmark three .
go through the orange room then make your way to landmark two .
go to the yellow room without going through the red room .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room
move to landmark three without leaving the third floor .
move to the blue room then continue to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the red room first .
visit the orange room and then move to the second floor .
while remaining within the yellow room go to landmark two .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark one .
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark two
go to the red room before going to the orange room .
go through the green room and navigate to the second floor .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark three .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
go to landmark one by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
go to landmark one through the red room
go to the second floor then move to the red room .
go through the green room to the red room .
go through landmark one to the purple room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the red room
go to the onest floor through the purple room
go to the second floor then move to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you go through the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the blue room .
avoid landmark three until you go to the orange room .
go to the blue room and then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one then go to the red room .
go to red room and then to orange room
move to the orange room then continue to the purple room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the blue room .
go through landmark two to the yellow room .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark one
go to the green room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the green room now you can go to the yellow room .
go through the yellow room and navigate to the second floor .
go to third floor
go to landmark two without leaving yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the green room .
navigate to the green room through the orange room .
go to landmark three after navigating to the third floor .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two .
go to the second floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the yellow room or be done .
go through the blue room and navigate to the second floor .
first go to the red room and then go to landmark three .
go to the first floor but never go to the red room .
avoid the green room until you go to the blue room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the purple room .
go to the first floor via the red room .
go through the third floor to the second floor .
go to the orange room and then go to the green room .
move to the second floor travelling through landmark two .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark three
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
go to the twond floor and then go to the red room .
go to the green room avoiding landmark two . if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark two .
go to the second floor through the red room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the green room .
go to the first floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the yellow room .
head to landmark one after going to the green room .
avoid the red room until going to the blue room .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the green room
avoid landmark two until going to the green room .
go to the blue room but avoid landmark two . if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
go to landmark three and remain within the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going to landmark two .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark three .
move to landmark three but travel to the onest floor first .
go to a spot in the yellow room but do n t touch landmark three .
go to the first floor always avoiding the blue room .
remain on the first floor and move to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until landmark one .
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the third floor .
do n t leave the green room and go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark one .
go to the first floor then navigate to the blue room .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark one .
avoid the green room until navigating to the yellow room .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark three
avoid landmark one until you go to the green room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark two
go to the second floor without going to the blue room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to landmark two and then go to the orange room .
go through landmark one then go to landmark three .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the blue room .
proceed to the purple room by going through the yellow room .
go to the second floor avoiding landmark one .
go through the red room first then go to the yellow room .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark three .
go to landmark three but remain on the first floor .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the yellow room .
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark two
avoid the orange room until you enter the blue room .
move to the green room without leaving the second floor .
go to landmark three then up to landmark one .
go to landmark one through the orange room
go to landmark two avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the red room then go to the second floor .
go to landmark three without leaving purple room .
head to the yellow room and then head to the second floor .
go to the second floor and then head to landmark two .
avoid the red room and go to landmark one . if you reached the green room you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark one .
go to the first floor by going through landmark three .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the green room
avoid the purple room until navigating to the orange room .
go to the blue room then go to the third floor .
go to the green room by touching the purple room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark three .
always go through landmark two and then to the purple room .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark one .
move to landmark two without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the green room .
go to the blue room while staying on the first floor .
avoid the red room until you go through the green room .
from the third floor navigate to the red room .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark two .
go to the third floor through the green room .
move to the green room and then the purple room .
go through landmark one to landmark two .
move to the green room then continue to the yellow room .
go to the second floor avoiding the green room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the green room
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark one
always avoid landmark two and go to the green room .
avoid the purple room until going through landmark two .
go to green room and then to yellow room
avoid the red room until after you ve gone to the blue room .
go to the green room and then go to the purple room .
go to the second floor avoiding landmark three .
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark three
go to the orange room through the second floor .
go through the orange room and navigate to the third floor .
stay on the third floor while going to the green room .
go to the orange room through the yellow room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the green room .
avoid landmark two and go to the red room .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark one .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark three .
avoid the green room until going to landmark two .
head to landmark one after going to the orange room .
from the first floor navigate to the blue room .
go through the green room then make your way to landmark two .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the red room .
navigate to the third floor through the purple room .
go to red room but do not go to purple room .
go to the purple room only through the onest floor
always go through the red room to get to the yellow room .
go from the red room to the purple room
always go to landmark three before navigating to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the orange room .
go through landmark one and then to the onest floor .
avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
avoid the red room and travel to the yellow room .
go to landmark one and remain within the red room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the first floor .
navigate to the second floor before going to the red room .
avoid the purple room and go to the second floor .
avoid the landmark two and go to the third floor .
go from the second floor to the red room
go to the yellow room through the twond floor
go to the orange room while staying on the second floor .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the yellow room .
move to the second floor travelling through the green room .
proceed to the blue room .
go to the third floor by going through landmark one .
move to the red room without changing floors .
avoid the green room and go to landmark one
go to the first floor then go to the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the red room .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark two .
avoid landmark three until going to landmark one .
go through landmark three and navigate to the blue room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the green room .
go to the green room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the green room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
navigate from the third floor to the purple room .
proceed to the purple room but do n t leave the third floor .
avoid the green room until landmark two .
go through the orange room first then go to the red room .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the orange room and avoid the yellow room .
go to the purple room through the twond floor
go to the second floor and then to landmark two .
visit the blue room and then move to the third floor .
avoid the red room and travel to the green room .
go to purple room but do not go to green room .
do n t leave the green room and go to landmark one .
go to landmark one then down to the red room .
go to the yellow room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to the red room before you go to landmark two .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark three .
travel through the blue room then go to the purple room .
go to landmark two through the first floor .
navigate directly to the third floor .
go to landmark three without changing floors .
go to the third floor and avoid the green room .
go to the first floor and then go directly to the second floor .
go to the orange room by touching the red room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the yellow room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the blue room .
go through the orange room to the red room .
navigate to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark one .
go to landmark three but do not enter the purple room first .
go to the second floor by first going to the first floor .
go to landmark two without changing floors .
go to the green room through the red room .
go through the green room before going to the first floor .
go to the orange room through the blue room
avoid the green room until you go to the orange room .
avoid the green room and go to the first floor .
go to landmark one then down to the blue room .
go to the orange room only through the onest floor
go to the orange room and avoid the purple room .
go to blue room and then to green room
go through landmark three before going to the red room .
pass through the orange room before going to the second floor .
avoid the red room and go to the purple room .
move to the second floor by going through the green room
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark three .
proceed to the orange room by going through the red room .
go to landmark one and then to landmark three
move to the orange room without changing floors .
go to landmark three while staying on the second floor .
go to landmark two but always avoid landmark three .
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the green room while always avoiding the purple room
avoid the purple room until going to landmark one .
avoid the green room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the green room .
navigate to the purple room through the green room .
go to landmark two avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid the red room before you navigate to the second floor .
go to the orange room then go to the second floor .
avoid the green room navigate to the purple room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one .
proceed to the purple room but do n t leave the first floor .
go to the blue room through the twond floor
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark two .
while always avoiding the blue room go to landmark three .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the yellow room .
go through the orange room before going to landmark three
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the yellow room .
navigate through landmark one and go to the orange room .
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark one .
go to the red room then go to landmark three .
go to landmark one avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the orange room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the green room .
visit the first floor then go to the second floor .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark two .
pass through the green room on your way to the third floor .
always avoid the blue room go to landmark three .
move to the red room and then move to landmark two .
go to landmark three then head to the first floor .
go to landmark one through the onest floor
avoid the purple room and go to landmark one
while remaining within the orange room go to landmark three .
get to landmark two while avoiding landmark one
go to landmark three by only stepping in the green room .
while always avoiding the green room go to landmark three .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the orange room
move to the blue room .
move to landmark two . do n t change floors if already on twond floor .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark three .
avoid the red room until going to landmark three .
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark two .
head to the orange room but make sure to go through the red room first .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark one .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the orange room .
go through the green room first then go to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until going through landmark three .
go through landmark three to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the first floor .
go through landmark one before going to the second floor .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark two .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the yellow room .
always go through the blue room to get to the red room .
go to the blue room and then go to landmark three .
go to the green room and then go to landmark three .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the red room .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the purple room .
stay on the second floor and go to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until you go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room before going to the yellow room .
go to the red room through landmark two .
go to the yellow room through landmark one
go to the onest floor through landmark one
avoid the purple room until going to the first floor .
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark three .
go to the green room then proceed to landmark one .
go to the third floor and then go to the red room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark three .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark three
go to the blue room without going to landmark two .
go through the red room first then go to the purple room .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the yellow room .
move to the first floor travelling through the green room .
go to the twond floor then go to the blue room
go to landmark three always avoiding the blue room .
pass through landmark two on your way to the second floor .
go to the third floor and then go directly to the first floor .
go to the purple room but do not enter the green room first .
go to the green room through landmark one .
avoid the red room until going to landmark two .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark one .
go to landmark one always avoiding the green room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark three . if you reached the green room you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark three .
go to the third floor but do not go through the purple room first .
go to landmark one before going to the purple room .
go to the yellow room .
move to the red room then continue to the orange room .
go to purple room and then to red room
stay in the green room and go to landmark three
do n t go into the yellow room until going to landmark three
go from the third floor to the blue room
go to the third floor and avoid the blue room .
go to the first floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the orange room
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark two .
go to the first floor then move to the blue room .
move to the blue room and then the red room .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the purple room .
go to the second floor then go landmark one .
go to the purple room without ever leaving the first floor .
go to the purple room and avoid the green room .
always avoid the red room and go to the purple room .
avoid landmark two and go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until going to the yellow room .
stay on the third floor to get to landmark two .
go to landmark one and then to landmark two
go to landmark one then down to the yellow room .
go through the green room before going to landmark two
go to the second floor by going through landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the first floor .
move to the purple room without changing floors .
go to the first floor then navigate to the purple room .
head to the green room and then head to the third floor .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark one .
navigate to the third floor via the green room .
remain on the third floor and move to the blue room .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark three .
go to the second floor via landmark three .
head to the green room but make sure to go through the blue room first .
travel through the yellow room then go to the red room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the red room .
go to the second floor then the first floor .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the blue room .
avoid landmark one until after the yellow room
go to the orange room through landmark two .
navigate to landmark two through the orange room .
go to the third floor and avoid the red room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three .
go to the blue room without touching landmark two .
go to the green room and then go to landmark two .
avoid the green room and go to landmark two . if you reached the green room you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark two .
always avoid the purple room and go to the yellow room .
navigate through landmark two and go to the purple room .
go from the third floor to landmark two .
go to the second floor and avoid landmark two .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark one and stop
go to the third floor avoiding landmark three .
go to the purple room by touching the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until going to the first floor .
go through the orange room then to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark one .
go to landmark two by only stepping in the purple room .
go to landmark three then go to landmark two .
go through the second floor to the orange room
go from the yellow room to the red room
avoid landmark three until you have passed through landmark one
do n t go into the green room until going to landmark three
avoid the green room until you go through the yellow room .
go through the third floor and navigate to the orange room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
go through the orange room then make your way to landmark one .
travel through the green room then go to the purple room .
move to the green room without changing floors .
avoid the blue room navigate to the yellow room .
