go to landmark one through the yellow room
go through the purple room to the green room .
avoid the blue room and go to the red room .
go to the blue room only through the onest floor
go to the red room but avoid landmark one . if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go to the onest floor through the orange room
advance to landmark two but always avoid the green room .
go through the blue room to the yellow room .
go to the twond floor then go to the red room
go to the red room and avoid landmark three .
move to the third floor travelling through the green room .
go to landmark three before going to landmark one .
stay on the first floor and move to landmark one .
avoid the red room until landmark two .
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the second floor .
avoid the red room until after you ve gone to the purple room .
avoid landmark one and proceed to landmark two
avoid the red room on your way to landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the second floor .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark three .
go to landmark two through the blue room
go to the blue room avoiding landmark one .
avoid the red room until navigating to the green room .
avoid the red room and go to the third floor .
avoid the green room until navigating to the red room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the red room .
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark two .
navigate to landmark one through the purple room .
first go to landmark two then go to the purple room .
move towards red room and then to first floor .
travel through the blue room then go to the orange room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the red room .
go to the purple room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor through the green room .
avoid the green room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the green room .
go to the purple room and avoid landmark one .
from the second floor navigate to the green room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark one .
go to the landmark two
head to landmark one without changing floors .
go to the second floor but avoid the blue room .
go to the third floor but never go to the blue room .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the second floor .
go to landmark one only through the twond floor
go to the third floor but avoid landmark two .
go to the second floor and avoid the purple room .
move to the second floor without entering the yellow room .
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark one .
go through landmark three to the first floor .
go to the yellow room and go down to the onest floor .
move towards purple room and then to third floor .
avoid the green room until going to the second floor .
head to the yellow room and then head to the third floor .
first navigate to the blue room then make your way to the orange room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark three .
avoid landmark three until you pass through orange room .
go through the second floor to the blue room .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the purple room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the green room
go to the red room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark three .
navigate to the first floor via the yellow room .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the blue room .
head to landmark two without changing floors .
go to purple room and then to green room
always go through the purple room to get to the yellow room .
head to the purple room but first go to the second floor .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the orange room
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark three .
go to landmark two and always avoid the red room
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark three and then the purple room
avoid the orange room and navigate to the red room .
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark three
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark one
always avoid the orange room go to landmark two .
go to the purple room by touching the green room .
avoid the red room before you navigate to the third floor .
go through the purple room then make your way to landmark one .
stay on the third floor while going to the blue room .
go to landmark one always avoiding the purple room .
go through the first floor and navigate to the orange room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the yellow room .
go to the third floor then go to the first floor .
go to the third floor and then go to the purple room .
avoid the blue room navigate to the orange room .
move to landmark one but avoid landmark three .
go through the purple room to landmark one .
go from the orange room to the purple room
avoid the purple room until after you ve gone to the blue room .
go to the blue room then go to the green room .
go to landmark two via the third floor .
avoid the purple room until after going to the second floor .
avoid landmark one while traveling to landmark two . once there you may travel to landmark one .
proceed to the purple room by going through the orange room .
go to the blue room without going to the red room . if you reached the blue room now you can go to the red room .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the red room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the red room .
avoid landmark one until after reaching landmark three .
go to landmark three through the red room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark one .
go to the third floor via landmark two .
avoid the orange room until after you ve gone to the red room .
go to the red room and then go to the green room .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the green room .
without leaving the first floor go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room through the orange room
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the red room
go to landmark three through the onest floor
from the second floor navigate to the blue room .
move to the purple room without changing floors .
go through the red room first then go to the orange room .
go to the blue room while staying on the third floor .
go through the red room before going to the purple room .
avoid the blue room until going through landmark two .
while always avoiding the purple room go to landmark two .
go to landmark three avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark three .
go to landmark three without leaving the purple room .
go to the third floor then move to the blue room .
go to landmark three then go to the blue room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark one .
move to landmark one but travel to the onest floor first .
always pass landmark two to get to level one .
avoid landmark two and go to the purple room .
go through landmark two and navigate to the blue room .
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
go to landmark three and always avoid the green room
go to the first floor while always avoiding the red room .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark one .
go through the orange room to landmark one .
navigate to landmark one through the orange room .
go to the second floor after you go to the third floor .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark one .
go from onest floor to landmark three .
go to the red room through the second floor .
go to landmark three avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark three .
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark two .
go to the blue room before going to the green room .
go to the twond floor then go to the purple room
first navigate to the green room then make your way to the orange room .
remain on the first floor while going to the green room .
avoid the blue room and go to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark two .
go to landmark one and then the green room
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark two .
head to the orange room and then head to the second floor .
go to landmark two through the green room .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the green room .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you go through the blue room .
go to the first floor always avoiding the purple room .
go to landmark one always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the first floor via landmark two .
go through the purple room and navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark two without changing floors
go to landmark two and always avoid the orange room
go to landmark two
go to the green room while avoiding landmark three
go to the purple room through the third floor
go to the third floor and avoid landmark two .
go to landmark three always avoiding the yellow room .
head to the yellow room but make sure to go through the orange room first .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark three .
navigate to the second floor always passing through the first floor .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the third floor .
pass through landmark one before going to the first floor .
go to the orange room through the red room .
navigate from the first floor to the yellow room .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the green room .
navigate to the orange room after going to the third floor .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the yellow room .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the blue room .
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark two .
move to the green room first then travel to landmark three .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark two .
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
go from the first floor to the purple room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the purple room .
go to the first floor and then head to landmark one .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark two
visit the orange room and then move to the third floor .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the blue room .
go through the third floor to the yellow room
start on the threerd floor go directly to the onest floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark one
go to the orange room avoiding landmark two . if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark two .
avoid the green room and go to landmark three . if you reached the green room you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark three .
navigate to landmark three through the red room .
first navigate to the purple room then make your way to the red room .
move to the third floor by going through the yellow room
go to the red room while staying on the third floor .
navigate to the yellow room through the red room .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the blue room .
go through landmark two and navigate to the orange room .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark three .
pass through the green room before going to the first floor .
go to landmark two by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
go to the second floor but never go to the yellow room .
avoid the landmark three and go to the first floor .
avoid the green room until passing landmark three .
navigate to the first floor through the second floor .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark two and stop
go through landmark two before going to the red room .
go to the second floor but do not go through the orange room first .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark two
navigate to the third floor via the orange room .
move to landmark two after moving to the third floor .
avoid the green room until going to the purple room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the green room
go to landmark two then go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark two . if you reached the orange room then you can proceed to landmark two .
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the first floor by first going through the purple room .
go to landmark three by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
avoid landmark one until you go to landmark three .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark one .
go to landmark one while staying on the first floor .
go to landmark one and always avoid the yellow room
move to the third floor but go through landmark one first .
go through the green room before going to landmark one
go to landmark two through the orange room
avoid the red room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the red room or just stay on the third floor .
go to landmark one before going to the third floor .
avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark one
avoid landmark one and go to the third floor .
avoid landmark one until after the blue room
first go to landmark one then go to the yellow room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark two . if you reached the blue room then you can proceed to landmark two .
go through the blue room before going to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the orange room .
go through landmark one and then to the onest floor .
navigate to the purple room through the red room .
move to landmark one . do n t change floors if already on twond floor .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the orange room
go to landmark two without leaving red room .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the purple room .
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the red room
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the orange room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark two .
go to the onest floor through the green room
go to the third floor always avoiding the orange room .
go to landmark two avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark two .
move to the second floor but go through landmark one first .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the yellow room .
while remaining within the green room go to landmark two .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the orange room .
go from onest floor to landmark one .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark two
proceed to the purple room but do n t leave the second floor .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the purple room .
go to the red room only through the onest floor
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the orange room
avoid the yellow room until after going to the second floor .
go through the blue room before going to landmark three
go to landmark one by only navigating within the blue room .
go to landmark three avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark three .
from the second floor navigate to the orange room .
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark two
head to landmark three after going to the green room .
go to the yellow room via landmark three .
move to the first floor travelling through the blue room .
avoid landmark three and go to the purple room .
while always avoiding the green room go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the green room .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark three .
go through the purple room first then go to the orange room .
move to the first floor by going through the red room
avoid the blue room until going through landmark one .
always avoid going to landmark two through the blue room
go to the purple room then go to the second floor .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark two .
go through landmark three and then to the onest floor .
go through the yellow room before going to the third floor .
go to the orange room by first going through the green room .
go to the purple room without going to the red room . if you reached the purple room now you can go to the red room .
go to the onest floor through landmark three
go from the blue room to the purple room
proceed to the green room by going through the orange room .
go to the blue room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the green room .
always avoid the yellow room go to landmark two .
move to the second floor by going through the red room
proceed to landmark two but never move outside of the orange room .
go through the third floor to the green room
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
go to the red room then go to landmark two .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the yellow room .
always avoid landmark one and go to the purple room .
go to the green room before going to the purple room .
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark two
move to the red room and then the yellow room .
go through landmark two and then to the onest floor .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the yellow room .
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark two .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark one .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to the second floor but avoid landmark three .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
navigate to the orange room through the blue room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there or head to the purple room .
go to landmark three and avoid the green room .
move to the orange room and then move to landmark three .
avoid the landmark two and go to the first floor .
move to the first floor without entering the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the first floor .
proceed to the blue room but do n t leave the second floor .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the purple room .
avoid landmark one until reaching the purple room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three .
avoid the orange room
go to the purple room then proceed to landmark two .
from the third floor navigate to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the third floor .
avoid the purple room until after you ve gone to the red room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one . if you reached the green room you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark one .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark two
advance to landmark three but always avoid the blue room .
move to the third floor without entering the blue room .
move to the orange room avoiding landmark one . if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark one .
go to the twond floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to a spot in the purple room but do n t touch landmark three .
go to the blue room without going to the purple room . if you reached the blue room now you can go to the purple room .
always avoid the green room go to the third floor .
navigate to the green room staying on the second floor .
always avoid the purple room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark one . if you reached the yellow room then you can proceed to landmark one .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark one .
first navigate to the green room then make your way to the red room .
do n t leave the purple room and go to landmark two .
avoid the red room until reaching the third floor .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to landmark one .
always avoid landmark one and go to the blue room .
move to landmark three but go through the blue room first .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the green room .
go to landmark one and then go to the yellow room .
first go to landmark one then go to the orange room .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the blue room .
go to the red room without going to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor through the green room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
go to the blue room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the red room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark three . if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room before going to the orange room .
go through the red room and navigate to the third floor .
go through the purple room to the second floor .
go to landmark three then up to landmark two .
go to landmark three and remain within the purple room .
go through landmark three before going to the orange room .
from the second floor navigate to the red room .
go to landmark two and then go to the yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room through the green room .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark three
go to landmark two avoiding the first and third floors .
go to the third floor through the yellow room .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the orange room .
always avoid going to landmark two through the yellow room
do n t go into the orange room until going to landmark two
avoid the purple room until passing landmark one .
move to landmark three without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the blue room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark two .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the third floor but never go to the green room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark two
first go to to landmark two then go to the yellow room .
proceed to the orange room without going to any other floors .
go to the first floor then go to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the green room .
first navigate to the orange room then make your way to the purple room .
go from the second floor to the red room .
always pass landmark one to get to level one .
avoid landmark three until going to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until landmark two .
go from the onest floor to landmark three
first move to landmark three then navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the orange room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the yellow room
go to landmark two while always avoiding the orange room
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until going to the orange room .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the orange room .
go to third floor without going into the green room
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark two .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the orange room .
visit the blue room and then move to the second floor .
avoid the purple room until going to the yellow room .
go to the second floor then navigate to the orange room .
go to the blue room but avoid landmark three . if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
navigate to the third floor before going to the first floor .
always go through landmark one and then to the red room .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark two .
go to landmark two through landmark three
move to the purple room and then move to landmark three .
navigate to the first floor before going to the second floor .
head to landmark two after going to the blue room .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the red room .
go to the first floor avoiding landmark one .
go through landmark three to the blue room .
go to landmark one before going to landmark two .
go through landmark two to the first floor .
avoid landmark two until after the green room
go to landmark two without leaving the green room .
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark two .
move towards orange room and then to second floor .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark two .
always avoid going to landmark one through the red room
go to landmark two then go to the third floor .
go from the twond floor to the green room
go to the red room by first going through the green room .
head to the green room but first go to the third floor .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the yellow room .
go through landmark one to landmark three .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the green room .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark two .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark three avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark three .
always go through the purple room to get to the orange room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the orange room .
go to the twond floor then go to the yellow room
move to the second floor travelling through the blue room .
go to landmark three after going to landmark one .
move to landmark one but travel to the onest floor first .
go to landmark three but always stay away from landmark one .
go to landmark one before going to the red room .
move to landmark one but travel to the onest floor first .
go to the third floor then go to the red room
navigate to landmark two through the second floor .
go to the red room but do not enter the yellow room first .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the green room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark one .
go to the first floor by first going through the yellow room .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the orange room
move to anywhere on the third floor then move to anywhere on the second floor .
go to the third floor but do not go through the green room first .
always go through the blue room before going to landmark one .
go through the second floor to landmark one .
go through landmark one then go to landmark two .
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark three .
go to the red room by first going through the orange room .
go through the green room then to the third floor .
go from the twond floor to the red room
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark two .
always go through the purple room before going to landmark one .
go to the third floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one and then go to the first floor .
navigate to the first floor always passing through the third floor .
avoid the red room until landmark one .
pass through the blue room on your way to the first floor .
go to landmark one before going to the yellow room
go to landmark one while always avoiding the purple room .
go to the second floor and then go directly to the first floor .
go to the onest floor through the purple room
avoid the orange room and go to landmark two . if you reached the green room you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark two .
navigate to landmark one through the green room .
go from the first floor to the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room
go to the purple room avoiding landmark one . if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark one .
go to the second floor through landmark one .
go to landmark one but do not enter the orange room first .
while always avoiding the red room go to landmark one .
avoid the red room until you go to the first floor .
go to landmark two without going to landmark three
go to first floor without going into the yellow room
move to the yellow room and then the green room .
avoid the orange room until after going to the third floor .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the red room .
go to the green room and then navigate to the purple room .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the purple room .
always go through the green room and then to landmark three .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark two . if you reached the green room you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark two .
move to the red room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark three .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the blue room .
go to the onest floor through the yellow room
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark three .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
visit the green room and then move to the second floor .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to landmark two .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
go to landmark two by going through landmark one
move to the blue room then continue to the green room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the purple room
go through landmark two before going to the green room .
go to landmark one
go through landmark two to the green room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the green room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the third floor .
avoid the green room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the green room .
proceed to landmark three but never move outside of the purple room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the orange room
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark one
go to the red room and avoid the orange room .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark one .
move to landmark three but travel to the onest floor first .
go to landmark two avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark three .
go to the blue room then go to the orange room .
avoid landmark one until going to the orange room .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the red room .
go to landmark one without going to landmark three
avoid the green room and go to the red room .
go to the blue room while staying on the second floor .
go to landmark one and then go to the onest floor .
go to landmark two before going to the first floor .
navigate to the second floor through the third floor .
go to landmark three without leaving green room .
go to the orange room and then go to landmark three .
go to third floor without going into the orange room
go from the onest floor to landmark two
do not go into the red room until going to landmark one
go from the second floor to the green room
go to green room and then to red room
go from the twond floor to the yellow room
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
stay on the first floor and go to the green room .
go through the third floor to the orange room .
go to the third floor and then go directly to the second floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room
go to landmark one avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark one .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark one .
avoid landmark one until going to the green room .
go to the orange room then go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark three .
go to the blue room then go to landmark two .
navigate to the yellow room through the purple room .
go through landmark three before going to the second floor .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
stay in the orange room and go to landmark one .
go to the first floor but never go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room through the twond floor
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the red room
go to landmark three and proceed to landmark one .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the orange room .
go to landmark one while avoiding the first and third floor .
avoid the green room until after you ve gone to the purple room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the green room .
go to the orange room then proceed to landmark one .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the purple room .
got to landmark three through the green room .
navigate to the green room through the red room .
pass through landmark two on your way to the first floor .
go to the first floor by going through landmark one .
always go through the orange room to get to the red room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the orange room
go to landmark three and proceed to landmark two .
without stepping outside of the green room go to landmark two .
travel through the orange room then go to the yellow room .
go through the red room before going to the green room .
go to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until going to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the red room .
go to landmark three then go to the second floor .
proceed to the purple room by going through the blue room .
go to the blue room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the green room without ever leaving the second floor .
go to the red room and then navigate to the yellow room .
avoid landmark three and move into the orange room .
go to the red room via landmark one .
head to the orange room but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go from the first floor to the yellow room .
go to the first floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the purple room or be done .
avoid landmark three until reaching the blue room .
while always avoiding the orange room go to landmark two .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark one .
without stepping outside of the yellow room go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark one .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark two .
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark one .
go to the green room avoiding landmark three .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room after going to the first floor .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark one .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the green room .
navigate to the orange room staying on the third floor .
while always avoiding the orange room go to landmark three .
go from the onest floor to landmark one
go to landmark two without changing floors .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the red room
always go through landmark one and then to the blue room .
avoid landmark three until you go to the green room .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the blue room .
go to the red room and go down to the onest floor .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark two
go to the third floor via the yellow room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark one .
go to the second floor then move to the purple room .
avoid landmark two until after the purple room
always go through the orange room to get to the green room .
go to third floor and then to landmark one
avoid the green room until you go to landmark two .
do n t go into the blue room until going to landmark one
go to landmark three without leaving red room .
move to landmark one but go through the red room first .
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark three .
move to the blue room without changing floors .
go to the orange room but do not enter the purple room first .
proceed to landmark three but never move outside of the yellow room .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark one and then to landmark two .
go to the red room and then go to landmark two .
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark one . if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark one .
go to the purple room before you go to landmark three .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark one .
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark two .
go to the orange room through landmark one
head to landmark three after going to the orange room .
go to landmark one and then go to the red room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there or head to the blue room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark one .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the purple room .
go to landmark three via the third floor .
head to the purple room but first go to the third floor .
avoid the green room until you go to the second floor .
avoid the purple room and travel to the green room .
go to the third floor always avoiding the green room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark three .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the red room .
while always avoiding the red room go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the yellow room
proceed to the orange room by going through the yellow room .
navigate to landmark one through the yellow room .
avoid the green room until you go to the third floor .
go to landmark two through the onest floor
avoid the green room until you enter the blue room .
go to landmark one through the green room .
move to the orange room avoiding landmark three . if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark three .
move to the third floor and then head to landmark two .
move to the red room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
navigate from the third floor to the green room .
go to the third floor then navigate to the green room .
go to the red room through landmark three .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark two
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark three .
go to the second floor but avoid the yellow room .
go to the yellow room through landmark three .
first navigate to the red room then make your way to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the third floor .
go to the green room but do not enter the orange room first .
go to the third floor but avoid the purple room .
stay on the first floor while going to the green room .
go from twond floor to blue room .
go to the purple room through the yellow room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the purple room .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the red room .
pass through the yellow room before going to the first floor .
go through the purple room first then go to the red room .
proceed to the red room by going through the orange room .
head to the orange room but first go to the third floor .
go to landmark three and avoid the orange room .
go to the third floor
go to the green room without ever leaving the first floor .
move to landmark two but avoid landmark three .
go to landmark one without leaving blue room .
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark two .
without stepping outside of the blue room go to landmark one .
go to the first floor then go to landmark two .
always avoid landmark three and go to the red room .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark one .
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark three .
go to the green room through the twond floor
move to landmark one and then proceed to the green room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the blue room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
go through the red room before going to the second floor .
go to the red room without ever leaving the first floor .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the purple room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the red room .
without leaving the first floor go to the blue room .
go to the second floor always avoiding the green room .
move to the orange room and then the red room .
pass through the red room on your way to the third floor .
go to the red room and avoid the blue room .
go to the green room by first going through landmark three .
go to landmark one avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid the red room until you go to the purple room .
go to landmark three before navigating to the first floor .
go to landmark two before navigating to the second floor .
proceed to landmark one but never move outside of the yellow room .
go to the green room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark one
go to the green room through the orange room .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the orange room
go to the onest floor through landmark three
go up to the second floor without going to landmark two .
go to the blue room and then go to the purple room .
go to landmark one before going to the second floor .
go to or through landmark one avoiding going through landmark three
go to one st floor after threerd floor
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark one .
go to the twond floor then go to the orange room
go to the third floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the blue room or be done .
avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
always go through the red room before going to landmark two .
go to the second floor via the blue room .
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark one .
go through the blue room and navigate to the first floor .
move to the red room without leaving the third floor .
go to the red room without going through the yellow room .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark one .
navigate to the red room .
go to landmark three avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
first go to to landmark three then go to the blue room .
avoid landmark three until you go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the green room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark three .
go to landmark one and remain within the orange room .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark one .
move to landmark two but go through the green room first .
avoid landmark one until after the green room
go to the yellow room without going through the purple room .
move to the third floor by going through the orange room
go to landmark three through the onest floor
navigate to the first floor always passing through the second floor .
move to anywhere on the first floor then move to anywhere on the second floor .
go from the second floor to the blue room .
go to the first floor then move to the yellow room .
go through the purple room then to the third floor .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark one
go from onest floor to landmark two .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the yellow room .
go directly to landmark two .
go to landmark one then head to the third floor .
go to the third floor then navigate to the red room .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark three .
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
first navigate to landmark one then go to landmark two .
avoid the green room
move to the red room then continue to the purple room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark one
always go from the second floor to the first floor .
go to yellow room but do not go to blue room .
go to landmark one and avoid the red room .
move to the second floor travelling through the purple room .
go to landmark two while avoiding the first and third floor .
go from twond floor to purple room .
go to the red room by touching the green room .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark one .
avoid landmark two and go to the blue room .
navigate to the red room through the purple room .
navigate to the red room through the yellow room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark three . if you reached the blue room then you can proceed to landmark three .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the red room now you can go to the yellow room .
go to the blue room through landmark one
navigate to the second floor before going to the yellow room .
go to landmark three and then the yellow room
go directly to landmark three .
go to the purple room before going to the red room .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark two
go to the orange room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the green room .
go to the yellow room and then go to the red room .
go through the yellow room before going to the red room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the purple room .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the purple room .
navigate through landmark one and go to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until going to the purple room .
go to landmark two and then go to the blue room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark two .
go to the red room by first going through landmark one .
go to the purple room while staying on the second floor .
go through landmark two to the second floor .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the orange room
go to the second floor but avoid the purple room .
go to the purple room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the green room .
go to landmark two without changing floors
head to the green room .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the blue room
avoid landmark one and move into the blue room .
go to the third floor then go to landmark three .
navigate to landmark one .
navigate to the red room staying on the second floor .
while always avoiding the yellow room go to landmark two .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to first floor .
navigate to the purple room through the yellow room .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark one .
go to landmark three
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark one
avoid landmark two until you go to the blue room .
navigate from the first floor to the orange room .
go to landmark one and then the yellow room
always go through the red room and then to landmark two .
go to landmark three through the yellow room
go up to the third floor without going to landmark three .
move to the purple room then continue to the red room .
go to green room but do not go to yellow room .
go to the blue room through the third floor .
head to the red room and then head to the second floor .
go to the first floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the purple room
remain on the second floor and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the orange room .
go to the first floor then move to the red room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the yellow room
go to landmark one but do not enter the red room first .
move to the red room without changing floors .
navigate to the first floor through the orange room .
avoid the green room until going to the orange room .
go to blue room and then to purple room
always go through the green room to get to the red room .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
go to the purple room only through the onest floor
go to the red room only through the onest floor
visit the blue room and then move to the first floor .
go to the yellow room and avoid the red room .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the yellow room .
always avoid the blue room go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room through the blue room .
first go to landmark three then go to the red room .
move to the third floor by going through the blue room
proceed to the yellow room but do n t leave the third floor .
remain on the second floor while going to the orange room .
head to landmark one without changing floors .
go to the second floor then go to the orange room
go through the green room first then go to the yellow room .
go to the red room through the purple room .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the purple room .
go through the purple room before going to the third floor .
go to the red room without ever leaving the second floor .
always avoid landmark three and go to the green room .
go to landmark one before navigating to the third floor .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the red room .
got to landmark one through the green room .
go through landmark one to the second floor .
go to the green room then go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark three .
go to the first floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark three
proceed to the orange room .
go to third floor without going into the red room
go to the red room while always avoiding the purple room
go to the red room and avoid the purple room .
go through the second floor to the red room .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the purple room .
avoid landmark three until you go to the purple room .
stay in the green room to get to landmark two .
go to the second floor then go to landmark one .
go through the third floor and navigate to the blue room .
go to the blue room through the first floor .
head to the orange room but first go to the second floor .
go to green room but do not go to red room .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the yellow room .
always go through the blue room and then to landmark one .
go to landmark one by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark two .
go to the second floor then move to the green room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark one .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark two .
first navigate to the yellow room then make your way to the orange room .
always pass landmark one to get to level one .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark two
avoid the green room and navigate to the purple room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark three . if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark three .
avoid the green room until going to the red room .
always pass landmark three to get to level one .
always go from the first floor to the second floor .
go to the third floor by going through landmark three .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark two from the second floor only .
go to the first floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the blue room
go to the first floor without going to the red room .
go to landmark three without going to landmark one
go to the first floor through the second floor .
go to the onest floor through the purple room
stay in the green room and go to landmark three and stop
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the first floor without going through the red room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the red room or be done .
go to the twond floor but avoid the red room .
always go through the orange room and then to landmark three .
avoid the red room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the red room .
go to landmark one without changing floors .
go to the green room without going through the orange room .
go to the purple room and avoid landmark two .
go to second floor and then to landmark one
move to landmark one and then proceed to the purple room .
go to the third floor via the red room .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the red room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
proceed to the green room .
avoid the green room and travel to the yellow room .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to second floor .
always go through landmark one and then to the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark two .
go to the third floor but avoid the green room .
go through the first floor to the purple room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the orange room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three . if you have reached landmark three then you can go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the red room .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the yellow room .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the red room .
go to the purple room by first going through the orange room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark three . if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark three .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the blue room .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to the red room without going to the green room . if you reached the red room now you can go to the green room .
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark one
always avoid the purple room go to the first floor .
avoid the landmark two and go to the second floor .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark two .
go to the first floor avoiding the green room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the green room
go to the orange room through landmark two
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark one .
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
avoid the orange room until after you ve gone to the blue room .
go through the blue room then make your way to landmark one .
go to landmark two before going to the blue room
head to landmark one after going to the purple room .
go through the yellow room to the purple room .
first navigate to the green room then make your way to the yellow room .
first navigate to the blue room then make your way to the yellow room .
go through landmark three and navigate to the orange room .
move to the first floor but go through landmark one first .
go to the purple room while staying on the first floor .
first navigate to the green room then make your way to the purple room .
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark one .
navigate to the first floor via the purple room .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the orange room .
go to landmark one through the yellow room .
go to the red room through the first floor .
avoid the purple room
first go to to landmark two then go to the orange room .
move to the purple room avoiding landmark three . if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark three .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark two while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to landmark three avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark three .
always go through the green room and then to landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two .
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark three .
stay on the second floor and go to the green room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the purple room .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark two .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the orange room .
go to the green room and then go to landmark one .
move to the red room and then move to landmark one .
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
always avoid the red room go to landmark one .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the yellow room .
go to the first floor through the yellow room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the red room .
stay on the second floor while going to the green room .
go through the first floor to the green room .
without leaving the second floor go to the green room .
first navigate to the blue room then make your way to the red room .
go through landmark one before going to the orange room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to landmark three before going to the purple room
go to a spot in the blue room but do n t touch landmark three .
go through the orange room before going to the first floor .
head to the purple room but make sure to go through the red room first .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the red room .
go to a spot in the blue room but do n t touch landmark one .
always avoid the red room and go to the orange room .
go to the second floor through the blue room .
visit the first floor and then proceed to the second floor .
go to the first floor and then head to landmark two .
pass through the orange room on your way to the second floor .
stay on the second floor while going to the blue room .
robot go to the orange room .
go to the second floor without going to the green room .
first go to to landmark one then go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the orange room .
always avoid the red room go to the third floor .
get to landmark two while avoiding landmark three
go through the yellow room first then go to the purple room .
go to landmark three then go to landmark one
go to landmark two then go to the purple room .
move to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the green room .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the third floor .
first go to to landmark three then go to the purple room .
while always avoiding the orange room go to landmark one .
go to the twond floor but avoid the purple room .
go to the purple room then go to the red room .
remain on the second floor while going to the purple room .
avoid landmark three until going to the blue room .
go to the first floor and then go to the orange room .
go to landmark three through the yellow room .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the first floor then the second floor .
move to the orange room and then the purple room .
go to landmark one then up to landmark two .
go to landmark three through the third floor .
from the third floor navigate to the second floor .
move to the green room avoiding landmark three . if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark three .
go to the yellow room through the third floor .
go to landmark one before going to the green room .
avoid landmark three until reaching the green room .
go to the blue room then go to the second floor .
always go through the green room to get to the orange room .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the blue room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark two
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the red room
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark one . if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark one .
remain on the first floor and move to the yellow room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the blue room .
go to landmark two then go to the second floor .
proceed to the purple room .
avoid landmark three while traveling to landmark one . once there you may travel to landmark three .
avoid the blue room until you go to the first floor .
go from onest floor to landmark one .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
avoid the green room until going through landmark three .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the green room .
first go to to landmark two then go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two . if you reached the green room you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark two .
go to the red room but avoid landmark three . if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
move to the second floor by going through the yellow room
head to landmark three without changing floors .
go through landmark one to the red room .
move towards red room and then to second floor .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark one .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the second floor .
go to the green room while always avoiding the yellow room
go to landmark one through the orange room .
first navigate to the yellow room then make your way to the red room .
avoid the blue room and go to the third floor .
go to the blue room through the first floor
go to landmark two through the onest floor
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark three .
go to the blue room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the first floor but avoid the purple room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the green room .
go through landmark one to the yellow room .
avoid landmark three until going to the red room .
go to green room but do not go to blue room .
avoid the green room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the green room or just stay on the second floor .
first navigate to the purple room then make your way to the yellow room .
go to the second floor then go to the purple room
pass through landmark one on your way to the third floor .
proceed to the orange room but do n t leave the second floor .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the yellow room .
go to the third floor and then go to the green room .
go through the red room then make your way to landmark three .
navigate directly to the second floor .
pass through landmark two on your way to the third floor .
avoid the green room until you enter the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the first floor .
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
navigate to the first floor via the orange room .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the red room .
go to landmark two avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
stay on the first floor and go to the orange room .
go to landmark one while avoiding the first and third floor .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark one .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the blue room
go to landmark one but remain on the second floor .
avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
go to landmark three always avoiding the orange room .
remain on the second floor while going to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to the yellow room through the green room .
go to the orange room without going through the red room .
navigate to the green room by passing through the third floor .
always avoid the purple room go to landmark one .
avoid the red room and go to the orange room .
go to the orange room by first going through the blue room .
go to the twond floor then go to the blue room
go to the green room by first going through landmark two .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark three .
first navigate to the red room then make your way to the orange room .
avoid the purple room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the purple room .
go to the green room but do not enter the red room first .
go up to the first floor without going to landmark one .
proceed to landmark one but never move outside of the orange room .
avoid landmark one until going to the purple room .
go through the orange room to landmark three .
go to landmark three always avoiding the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the blue room .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark one
avoid the red room until navigating to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three .
go to landmark three through the purple room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark one . if you reached the blue room then you can proceed to landmark one .
go through the orange room before going to landmark two
from the first floor navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark three through the blue room .
go through the second floor to the yellow room
always avoid the green room and go to the yellow room .
go to the green room by touching the orange room .
go to the landmark one
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark two .
go to the first floor then navigate to the green room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the green room .
go to landmark one through the third floor .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the orange room .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the yellow room .
avoid landmark two and move into the orange room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the second floor .
pass through the blue room before going to the second floor .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark three . if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark one .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark two .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room . if you reached the yellow room now you can go to the orange room .
go to landmark two and avoid the purple room .
go to landmark three and then go to the third floor .
go to the second floor through the orange room .
avoid the purple room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark one through the green room
head to the yellow room but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark three .
go to landmark three and always avoid the purple room
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the orange room .
do n t leave the red room and go to landmark one .
head to the blue room and then head to the second floor .
go to landmark three .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the red room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the purple room
go to third floor without going into the yellow room
go to the yellow room via landmark one .
avoid the green room until navigating to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
go to the red room without going to the orange room
go to one st floor after threerd floor
go to landmark one through the onest floor
go to the yellow room while staying on the first floor .
go from the onest floor to landmark two
avoid landmark one until navigating to the red room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the yellow room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there or head to the blue room .
go to landmark two before going to the blue room .
navigate to the orange room staying on the first floor .
head to the yellow room but make sure to go through the green room first .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the purple room .
go to the first floor then navigate to the red room .
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark three .
go through the purple room before going to the orange room .
go to landmark one without leaving orange room .
avoid landmark two and go to the green room .
go through the third floor to the yellow room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
go to the twond floor and then go to the red room .
go to the second floor but never go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the yellow room .
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
go to the orange room through the yellow room
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark three .
go from the blue room to the red room
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark three .
go to the green room without going to the orange room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark three
go to the blue room without ever leaving the third floor .
go to the first floor without going to the orange room .
always avoid the orange room go to the first floor .
navigate to the first floor via the blue room .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark three .
go through the red room before going to landmark one
go to the orange room via landmark three .
go to landmark three by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
go to the orange room but do not enter the red room first .
go through landmark one and navigate to the blue room .
first navigate to the red room then make your way to the green room .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to second floor .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the purple room .
avoid landmark two until you go to the orange room .
navigate to the third floor through the orange room .
go to the green room through the blue room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark three
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark three
go to orange room and then to yellow room
navigate to the red room always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark three and avoid the blue room .
move to the third floor travelling through landmark two .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark one .
navigate to landmark three through the purple room .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the third floor .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark two
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark one .
head to the red room but first go to the first floor .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark two
go to the yellow room without touching landmark two .
go to the third floor then navigate to the blue room .
always avoid the green room while navigating to the third floor .
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark two .
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to first floor .
move to landmark one after moving to the second floor .
go to the second floor via landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark one .
navigate to landmark two through the yellow room .
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark one
go to landmark one before going to the yellow room .
go to the red room without going to landmark one .
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the green room .
first navigate to the blue room then make your way to the purple room .
navigate through landmark three to the first floor .
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark two .
go to the green room through the twond floor
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the red room .
go to the red room by first going through the blue room .
move to landmark one without entering the yellow room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the yellow room .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the blue room .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor via the red room .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark three .
first go to to landmark two then go to the blue room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the blue room .
first navigate to landmark three then go to landmark one .
navigate to the red room after going to the second floor .
while remaining within the red room go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room until going to the third floor .
move to landmark one without leaving the second floor .
avoid the green room and go to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until you go through the red room .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the yellow room .
always avoid going to landmark three through the yellow room
avoid the yellow room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the yellow room or just stay on the second floor .
remain on the third floor while going to the blue room .
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark three .
go to landmark three but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the blue room
go from twond floor to orange room .
proceed to the green room but do n t leave the first floor .
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark two .
avoid the purple room navigate to the yellow room .
go through the orange room before going to the purple room .
remain on the third floor and move to the yellow room .
go from the first floor to landmark two .
go to landmark two after going to landmark one .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the purple room .
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
go to the green room then go to landmark two .
first go to landmark two then go to the blue room .
go through the red room then to the third floor .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark one . if you reached the green room you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark one .
go to the green room before you go to landmark three .
go to landmark two avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark three .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark one
