go to first floor without going into the blue room
do n t go into the purple room until going to landmark two
avoid the yellow room and travel to the orange room .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the red room .
robot go to the red room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the orange room .
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the third floor .
head to the blue room and then head to the third floor .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the orange room .
move through landark one to landmark one .
go through the green room to the purple room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two . if you reached landmark two then you can go to landmark three .
go to landmark one avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark one .
without stepping outside of the red room go to landmark one .
proceed to landmark one but never move outside of the green room .
go to the second floor by first going through the blue room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to landmark two .
always avoid the red room while navigating to the first floor .
go to the green room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the yellow room .
go to landmark two and then the red room
go through the purple room before going to the second floor .
go to landmark three without first passing through landmark one .
navigate to landmark two through the green room .
first go to landmark one then go to the blue room .
navigate to the green room through the purple room .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark three .
go to landmark two through the orange room .
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark two .
head to the yellow room but make sure to go through the blue room first .
avoid landmark three until you pass through blue room .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark one .
avoid the red room and go to landmark two . if you reached the green room you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark two .
go to the onest floor through the green room
go to the red room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark one .
go to the third floor and avoid the yellow room .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark one but do not first pass through landmark three .
go to the third floor through landmark three .
go to landmark three before going to the green room .
go to landmark two but do not enter the green room first .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark two .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the red room .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark one .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the orange room .
move to landmark one . do n t change floors if already on twond floor .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the blue room
avoid the green room and go to landmark one . if you reached the green room you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark one .
go to the twond floor but avoid the purple room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the yellow room .
go through the green room before going to the yellow room .
head to landmark three without changing floors .
navigate to the second floor via the orange room .
avoid the landmark one and go to the first floor .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark one .
avoid the purple room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the purple room .
go to the red room through the twond floor
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark two . if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark two .
go through landmark two to the red room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark three .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the orange room .
avoid landmark three until you pass through yellow room .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark two .
go to the third floor but avoid the red room .
go to the purple room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the green room .
proceed to the orange room but do n t leave the first floor .
go to the blue room then go to the red room .
go to the red room without going to the purple room . if you reached the red room now you can go to the purple room .
go to landmark two and then go to the onest floor .
go to the green room through the red room
go to landmark one then down to the purple room .
go to the third floor then go to the yellow room .
move to the green room .
go to the first floor always avoiding the red room .
go to the orange room without going through the purple room .
go to landmark two through the yellow room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the red room
visit landmark three but do n t leave the first floor .
move to the orange room then continue to the yellow room .
go to the orange room through the blue room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark three .
move to the red room and then the orange room .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark two .
go to the first floor then go to the green room
go to landmark three but do not first go through the purple room .
go to landmark three by going through landmark one
go to the second floor then move to the blue room .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark two .
head to the first floor .
move through landark one to landmark two .
stay on the third floor while going to the yellow room .
first go to to landmark three then go to the red room .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until after the red room
move to landmark two but go through the purple room first .
head to the purple room but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
go to landmark two without leaving green room .
go to the first floor via landmark three .
go to landmark three through the second floor .
always go through the red room to get to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until passing landmark two .
go to landmark two always avoiding the blue room .
go to anywhere on the third floor .
go to landmark three and then go to the green room .
go to the landmark one before going to landmark three
navigate to the third floor .
avoid the blue room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the blue room or just stay on the first floor .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the green room .
go to the third floor but avoid the yellow room .
go to a spot in the orange room but do n t touch landmark three .
go to landmark two avoiding the first and third floors .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the blue room .
go to the third floor then move to the orange room .
go to landmark two before going to the yellow room
avoid the orange room until going to the blue room .
travel through the red room then go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room and then go to the red room .
go to the first floor and then to landmark three .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark two .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the orange room .
navigate to the red room through the orange room .
navigate from the second floor to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the blue room .
avoid the red room until passing landmark three .
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark two .
go to the green room before going to the yellow room .
proceed to the red room by going through the blue room .
go to the red room through the green room
go to the third floor then head to the first floor .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the third floor .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the yellow room .
avoid the green room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the green room .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the orange room .
move to the red room then continue to the yellow room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the yellow room
move to the green room avoiding landmark one . if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark one .
go to the onest floor through the yellow room
go to the twond floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there or head to the green room .
go through the blue room before going to the red room .
go to landmark one but avoid landmark three .
go from onest floor to landmark one .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the purple room .
avoid landmark one and go to the red room .
go to the first floor then go landmark three .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the red room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the orange room .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the second floor .
go to the blue room through landmark three
go to the second floor but avoid the red room .
go to the green room without going to the purple room . if you reached the green room now you can go to the purple room .
avoid landmark three until you pass through purple room .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the purple room .
move towards red room and then to third floor .
move to the blue room avoiding landmark three . if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark three .
go to landmark three while staying on the first floor .
stay in the green room to get to landmark one .
remain on the third floor and move to the red room .
avoid the red room and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one . if you ve reached landmark one then you can go to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room navigate to the red room .
go to landmark two but remain on the second floor .
navigate to the blue room before you go to landmark one .
go to the green room avoiding landmark one . if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark one .
navigate to the third floor through the red room .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark two .
avoid the orange room until after you ve gone to the yellow room .
go to the purple room before going to the yellow room .
avoid the red room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the red room .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark two .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
go to landmark one then go to landmark two
proceed to the purple room by going through the green room .
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark three .
go through the orange room before going to the red room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the yellow room .
move to the red room avoiding landmark three . if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark three .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark one .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the red room
first go to to landmark one then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one and then go to the third floor .
go from the third floor to the green room .
first go to to landmark two then go to the red room .
go to red room but do not go to yellow room .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one .
navigate through landmark two and go to the green room .
go to the yellow room by touching the purple room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the third floor .
move to landmark two . do n t change floors if already on twond floor .
avoid the blue room and travel to the orange room .
move to landmark two after moving to the second floor .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark three .
go through landmark three and navigate to the yellow room .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the red room .
pass through the purple room before going to the third floor .
go to the purple room while staying on the third floor .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark two
go to the purple room then go to landmark three .
go through the second floor to the red room
move to the second floor without entering the purple room .
go to the green room only through the onest floor
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the purple room .
move to the second floor travelling through landmark one .
go to the third floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the red room
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the blue room .
go to the orange room then go to landmark three .
go to the red room then go to the purple room .
go through landmark one on your way to the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until after you ve gone to the green room .
move to the purple room then continue to the green room .
go through the green room to the orange room .
go to the green room through the twond floor
go to the blue room without going through the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room . if you reached the purple room now you can go to the orange room .
avoid the red room until you enter the orange room .
avoid the landmark one and go to the second floor .
navigate to the second floor via the yellow room .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark two .
always avoid the green room go to the first floor .
proceed to the blue room but do n t leave the first floor .
go from the second floor to the blue room
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark two and always avoid the green room
always avoid the landmark one and travel to landmark two .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the green room .
do n t go into the blue room until going to landmark two
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark two
go to landmark three avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the purple room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the orange room .
first go to landmark two then go to the red room .
visit the red room and then move to the third floor .
move to landmark one . do n t change floors if already on twond floor .
avoid the purple room
go through the green room then make your way to landmark three .
go to the orange room by first going through the yellow room .
go to the blue room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until going to the third floor .
go to the third floor through the blue room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the green room .
go to the second floor by going through landmark one .
go through landmark two on your way to the first floor .
go through the blue room to the first floor .
go to a spot in the yellow room but do n t touch landmark two .
go to landmark two after navigating to the third floor .
always go to landmark three before landmark one .
navigate to the purple room after going to the third floor .
go to the orange room by touching the blue room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark one . if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark one .
go to the red room and then go to landmark one .
go to a spot in the purple room but do n t touch landmark one .
avoid the purple room navigate to the red room .
without leaving the third floor go to the green room .
move to landmark three but go through the purple room first .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark three
go to landmark two before going to the second floor .
remain on the first floor and move to the blue room .
avoid landmark three and move into the yellow room .
go to the first floor then go to the red room .
go to landmark two without leaving the purple room .
go to landmark two and then the yellow room
always avoid going to landmark three through the blue room
go to landmark three then go to the orange room .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark three
go to landmark one without leaving the red room .
navigate to the first floor avoiding landmark two .
navigate to the first floor before going to the yellow room .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the orange room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the yellow room .
while always avoiding the yellow room go to landmark one .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the orange room .
go to the orange room through landmark one .
stay on the second floor and go to the red room .
avoid the red room navigate to the purple room .
go to the yellow room and then go to the green room .
always avoid going to landmark two through the green room
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
avoid landmark one until you navigate to landmark three .
move to the purple room and then move to landmark two .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to the second floor .
avoid landmark one until going to the red room .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark two . if you reached the green room then you can proceed to landmark two .
go to the purple room then go to the yellow room .
go through the yellow room then make your way to landmark two .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark three
go to the purple room and avoid the yellow room .
go to the green room without going through the red room .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the blue room .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark two .
move to the green room then continue to the purple room .
go to landmark two by only stepping in the orange room .
move to landmark two but go through the orange room first .
go to the purple room but do not enter the yellow room first .
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark two .
stay on the first floor and go to the blue room .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark two .
go to first floor
navigate to the third floor avoiding landmark one .
avoid the green room until you go through the orange room .
without stepping outside of the orange room go to landmark two .
go to the green room via landmark three .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the orange room
go from the red room to the orange room
go to the red room via landmark two .
go to landmark two but always avoid landmark one .
move to landmark three without leaving the first floor .
go to landmark one and then go to the onest floor .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark three .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the blue room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the purple room .
go to the green room then go to the second floor .
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark two .
do n t leave the blue room and go to landmark three .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the second floor .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the blue room .
avoid the orange room navigate to the green room .
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark three .
go to landmark two avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark three .
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the third floor .
go to first floor and then to landmark two
move to the orange room and then move to landmark two .
always go through the blue room and then to landmark two .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
avoid the red room until after you ve gone to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room navigate to the green room .
go directly to landmark one .
go to landmark one avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the blue room .
go to the second floor via the orange room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there or head to the purple room .
go to landmark three without leaving the yellow room .
navigate to landmark two through the third floor .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the purple room
move towards yellow room and then to third floor .
go through the green room then make your way to landmark one .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the blue room .
move to the first floor without entering the blue room .
go to yellow room and then to green room
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark three .
navigate to the orange room through the red room .
go through the third floor to the purple room
navigate to the yellow room after going to the second floor .
go to landmark three and then the blue room
go to landmark two avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark two .
go to landmark two without first passing through landmark three .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room . if you reached the yellow room now you can go to the green room .
go to the first floor by first going to the third floor .
go to the first floor then go to the yellow room
go to the purple room avoiding landmark three .
always avoid the blue room and go to the green room .
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark three
go to the orange room without going through the yellow room .
pass through the green room before going to the second floor .
go to the orange room and avoid landmark three .
go through the yellow room to the green room .
avoid landmark three and go to the green room .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the red room .
go to the second floor then go to the purple room .
go to the third floor without going to the green room .
move to the first floor travelling through the yellow room .
go to the yellow room then proceed to landmark two .
go to the second floor via landmark two .
go to landmark three avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark three .
remain on the second floor while going to the red room .
pass through the green room on your way to the second floor .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the purple room by touching the red room .
move to landmark two without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the red room .
move to the second floor without entering the blue room .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the purple room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark two .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the orange room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the blue room .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark two .
proceed to the yellow room but do n t leave the second floor .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the orange room
navigate to the purple room staying on the second floor .
go to the blue room via landmark two .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark two
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the red room .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the red room .
navigate to the second floor .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the blue room .
go to landmark two then go to the first floor .
avoid the purple room until you enter the red room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the green room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the purple room
go to the yellow room through the twond floor
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the green room
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the second floor through the third floor .
avoid the yellow room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the yellow room or just stay on the first floor .
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
always go through the green room and then to landmark two .
go to the purple room but avoid landmark three . if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark two .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the yellow room .
go to the green room and avoid landmark one .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the red room .
go through the third floor and navigate to the green room .
go up to the second floor without going to landmark one .
go through the purple room to landmark two .
go to the first floor then move to the orange room .
move towards yellow room and then to second floor .
avoid the green room until you go through the blue room .
first navigate to the red room then make your way to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the third floor .
go to landmark one avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark one .
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark two .
go from the second floor to the yellow room
go to the green room and then go to the yellow room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the purple room .
remain on the second floor while going to the blue room .
go to the first floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
go through the purple room then make your way to landmark two .
go to the first floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the orange room or be done .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark three .
avoid the green room and go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the blue room .
go from the twond floor to the purple room
go to the orange room by first going through landmark one .
while remaining within the purple room go to landmark two .
avoid the purple room until you go to the green room .
stay on the third floor and go to the red room .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark three
go to landmark two but do not enter the purple room first .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the first floor .
go through the green room to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the orange room .
go to the first floor via landmark one .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until you go to the purple room .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the yellow room .
go to first floor without going into the red room
go to the first floor but never go to the blue room .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the purple room .
go to the yellow room by first going through the blue room .
while remaining within the yellow room go to landmark three .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark three .
avoid landmark two until you go to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room and go to the yellow room .
go to the second floor then go to the red room .
go to the third floor but avoid the orange room .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the red room .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark one .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the purple room
avoid the green room and travel to the purple room .
go from twond floor to green room .
go to landmark two while staying on the third floor .
go to the yellow room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the orange room .
go to landmark two while staying on the first floor .
navigate to the third floor and then navigate to the first floor .
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark two .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark two
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark two
go to landmark two and always avoid the yellow room
move towards green room and then to second floor .
go to the purple room through the red room .
go to the purple room by first going through the red room .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the purple room .
navigate to the orange room staying on the second floor .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the red room .
avoid the green room until landmark one .
go to the green room without going to the red room .
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark three .
go from the purple room to the yellow room
go through the yellow room to the third floor .
avoid landmark one until you go to the purple room .
move to the third floor travelling through the blue room .
always avoid going to landmark two through the orange room
go through the blue room first then go to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the yellow room or just stay on the third floor .
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark two .
navigate through landmark three then go to landmark one .
move to landmark one without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the red room .
go from twond floor to red room .
avoid the blue room navigate to the green room .
go to the second floor but avoid the green room .
pass through the blue room before going to the first floor .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to landmark two .
remain on the first floor while going to the yellow room .
go to the blue room without going through the red room .
avoid the red room navigate to the orange room .
do n t go into the red room until going to landmark two
go to the first floor then go to the purple room
pass through the green room before going to the third floor .
stay on the second floor and go to landmark one .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room before you go to landmark one .
go to the green room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to the green room avoiding landmark one .
go through the first floor to the orange room
always go to landmark one before landmark two .
go to landmark two before going to the orange room .
go through the first floor to landmark two .
go to the third floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the purple room or be done .
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark two .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor via the blue room .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the orange room .
go to landmark one then go to landmark three
go through the yellow room to landmark three .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark three .
go to a spot in the blue room but do n t touch landmark two .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two .
go to landmark one and remain within the yellow room .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the purple room .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the purple room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the yellow room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the orange room .
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark three
avoid the yellow room until after you ve gone to the purple room .
go from the twond floor to the red room
go to the first floor through the red room .
avoid the purple room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the purple room .
first go to the green room and then go to landmark two .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark three .
move to the first floor without entering the green room .
go through landmark one to the third floor .
go to the twond floor but avoid the orange room .
always avoid the purple room go to the second floor .
go to landmark two always avoiding the green room .
go from the first floor to the orange room
go to the first floor but never go to the green room .
go to purple room but do not go to blue room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark two
go from the blue room to the yellow room
move to the first floor but go through landmark three first .
go to the first floor avoiding landmark two .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the second floor .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
go to landmark two always avoiding the orange room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark one
go to the green room while staying on the third floor .
do n t leave the orange room and go to landmark three .
go through landmark two and navigate to the green room .
go to landmark one then down to the green room .
go to the third floor but never go to the orange room .
go to landmark two from the first floor only .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the red room .
go to the orange room through the twond floor
go to landmark one but do not first go through the purple room .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the third floor .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark three .
go to landmark one without leaving the blue room .
go to the yellow room through landmark one .
move towards purple room and then to second floor .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the blue room .
avoid landmark three and go to the yellow room .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark one .
go to the third floor but avoid landmark one .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the blue room .
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark three .
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the second floor .
go to the orange room via landmark one .
go through the second floor to the blue room
go to the purple room through the yellow room
do directly to landmark three without leaving the purple room .
avoid landmark two and move into the yellow room .
go to the third floor then go to the first floor .
go through landmark three on your way to the second floor .
always avoid the yellow room go to landmark one .
go to landmark one from the second floor only .
go through the orange room before going to landmark one
go to one st floor after threerd floor
go to or through landmark three avoiding going through landmark one
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark one
go to the second floor by first going through the purple room .
navigate to the blue room staying on the first floor .
go to the third floor and avoid the orange room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark three
avoid landmark two until going to the purple room .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the blue room .
travel through the purple room then go to the red room .
go through landmark two and navigate to the red room .
go to the second floor via the green room .
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
head to landmark three after going to the red room .
go to the first floor after you go to the second floor .
go to the green room by touching the red room .
go to landmark one and avoid the orange room .
go to the purple room by first going through the green room .
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark one .
go to the second floor then go to the orange room .
move to the blue room and then the orange room .
go to a spot in the green room but do n t touch landmark three .
go to the first floor then go to the second floor .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark one .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark one
navigate to the green room but never go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room through the second floor .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the red room .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the green room
go to the second floor then navigate to the blue room .
go through the yellow room to landmark one .
go to landmark three and avoid the red room .
move to landmark two but go through the blue room first .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark one
go to landmark one and always avoid the red room
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the green room .
avoid the orange room and travel to the purple room .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three
avoid landmark one until going to the blue room .
go to landmark three via the second floor .
go to the red room then go to the third floor .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the orange room .
avoid the red room until going to the orange room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the green room
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark three .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the green room .
from the second floor navigate to the yellow room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one . if you reached landmark one then you can go to landmark three .
go to the twond floor then go to the purple room
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark one .
head to the green room but first go to the second floor .
go to the onest floor through landmark two
remain on the third floor while going to the purple room .
avoid the purple room navigate to the orange room .
navigate to the blue room after going to the second floor .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the orange room .
avoid the red room until you go through the purple room .
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark three .
go to the landmark one before going to landmark two
go to the blue room then go to the purple room .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark two .
move to the first floor travelling through landmark one .
avoid landmark three until reaching the red room .
avoid landmark three until after the green room
go to the green room then proceed to landmark two .
go to red room but do not go to blue room .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark two .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the green room .
go to the twond floor then go to the green room
proceed to the red room by going through the green room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there or head to the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to the green room .
go to landmark one and then to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark one .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark three .
go through the first floor and navigate to the blue room .
always avoid the blue room and go to the red room .
without leaving the third floor go to the red room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the third floor .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark three .
stay on the second floor while going to the purple room .
go to second floor without going into the red room
always avoid the red room while navigating to the third floor .
navigate to the purple room by passing through the third floor .
go to the red room by touching the yellow room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark two .
robot go to the purple room .
always go through landmark three and then to the blue room .
go to the red room and then navigate to the purple room .
go to the onest floor through landmark one
go to the red room before going to the yellow room .
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark two
go to the purple room avoiding landmark three . if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark three .
go to the second floor then go to the blue room
go to the first floor but avoid the blue room .
go to the red room through the purple room
first go to to landmark one then go to the green room .
visit landmark two but do n t leave the third floor .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
go through the orange room before going to landmark three
go through the purple room before going to the yellow room .
move to the yellow room then continue to the red room .
navigate to the second floor via the green room .
go to the second floor and avoid the blue room .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the red room .
go to landmark one then landmark two .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark one
go through the orange room to the yellow room .
go to the third floor via landmark three .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the purple room .
avoid the blue room until landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark two .
move to landmark one .
go to landmark one always avoiding the orange room .
robot go to the yellow room .
avoid the blue room and go to the orange room .
go to landmark three and then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark two without leaving the orange room .
go to the yellow room then go to landmark one .
avoid landmark one and move into the green room .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the purple room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the purple room .
go to the red room by first visiting landmark two .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the orange room .
go to the green room through landmark three
avoid the red room and navigate to the purple room .
go to the red room through the orange room .
go to orange room but do not go to blue room .
go through landmark three to the green room .
go to the second floor but do not go through the green room first .
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark three .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark three
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the green room .
go to landmark one avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the green room .
go to the orange room through landmark three
go to the red room through the orange room
navigate to the third floor via the yellow room .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the purple room .
move to the green room and then move to landmark one .
go to the first floor through the green room .
from the third floor navigate to the yellow room .
avoid landmark two and move into the green room .
do n t leave the blue room and go to landmark one .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark three . if you reached the green room you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark three .
go through the yellow room to the orange room .
stay in the green room to get to landmark three .
travel through the green room then go to the red room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark one .
go through the orange room to the second floor .
visit the purple room and then move to the third floor .
go from the orange room to the green room
move to landmark three and then proceed to the blue room .
navigate to the second floor through the red room .
go to the blue room through the second floor
go to the orange room and then navigate to the purple room .
move to the red room avoiding landmark two . if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark two .
move to the first floor by going through the purple room
avoid the blue room until landmark three .
go from the third floor to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the green room .
go to landmark three and then the orange room
go to the orange room then go to the red room .
move to the green room and then the red room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the purple room .
always go through landmark three and then to the yellow room .
go through the third floor to the red room .
go to the blue room and then go to the red room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the red room .
avoid the red room
go to the twond floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there or head to the blue room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark three .
go to the purple room then proceed to landmark three .
always avoid the red room and go to the green room .
go to the yellow room then go to the second floor .
move to the purple room avoiding landmark two . if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark two .
go to landmark two and then the green room
go to landmark one and avoid the yellow room .
go to landmark three .
go to landmark three and always avoid the red room
avoid the blue room until after going to the third floor .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark one .
stay in the red room and go to landmark three and stop
start on the threerd floor go directly to the onest floor .
go through the purple room then to the first floor .
avoid the green room navigate to the red room .
go from the purple room to the green room
go to the blue room avoiding landmark three .
avoid the red room until you go to landmark two .
avoid the green room and navigate to the orange room .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark one . if you reached the red room then you can proceed to landmark one .
stay on the first floor and go to landmark two .
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to first floor .
go to the first floor but never go to the purple room .
move to the yellow room and then the red room .
avoid landmark one until reaching the blue room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark two . if you reached the purple room then you can proceed to landmark two .
navigate to the red room through the green room .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the purple room .
always go through the green room to get to the purple room .
go to landmark three before going to the green room
navigate to the red room staying on the first floor .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark one .
go to the red room but do not enter the purple room first .
go through landmark one and navigate to the red room .
do n t go into the yellow room until going to landmark one
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the blue room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the red room .
go to landmark one without changing floors .
pass through the yellow room before going to the second floor .
always avoid the red room go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the red room .
always avoid going to landmark one through the purple room
go to the second floor but avoid landmark two .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the purple room .
go through landmark three and then to the onest floor .
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
head to the orange room but first go to the first floor .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the red room
without leaving the orange room go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the green room .
go to landmark three but always avoid landmark one .
go to landmark two but remain on the first floor .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the purple room
navigate to the red room but never go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the orange room .
stay on the second floor while going to the yellow room .
go from the third floor to the red room .
go to the first floor but never go to the orange room .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark two .
go to the green room only through the onest floor
go to the twond floor and then go to the orange room .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark three
go to landmark two by only stepping in the yellow room .
avoid landmark one until reaching the green room .
go from the twond floor to the purple room
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark three .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark three .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark one then go to the orange room .
go to the second floor via the red room .
always pass landmark three before landmark two .
go to landmark one without leaving yellow room .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark three . if you reached the red room then you can proceed to landmark three .
got to landmark two through the green room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the orange room .
go to landmark one without changing floors .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark one .
proceed to landmark two but avoid landmark one on the way . if you have reached landmark two then you can proceed to landmark one .
go to the yellow room through the purple room .
go through the first floor to the second floor .
go to landmark one then go to landmark two .
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark three
go to landmark one only through the twond floor
go to the blue room and avoid landmark two .
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark one .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark two .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the orange room .
avoid landmark three until you go to the yellow room .
proceed to the orange room by going through the green room .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark three .
go to landmark three and then go to the onest floor .
go from the second floor to the orange room .
go to landmark one then down to the blue room .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark one .
go to the third floor by first going through the blue room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark three
go through the second floor to landmark two .
go to landmark three only through the twond floor
go to the second floor after going to the third floor .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark two .
move to the blue room avoiding landmark one . if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark one .
go to the blue room without going to landmark three .
navigate through landmark two to the second floor .
avoid the red room navigate to the green room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the second floor .
go to the first floor but do not go through the blue room first .
move to the red room and then the green room .
move towards purple room and then to first floor .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the orange room .
go to the third floor then go to the green room
move to the purple room then continue to the yellow room .
go to landmark two and then go to the second floor .
go to the red room without going through the orange room .
move to the blue room and then the green room .
first go to landmark one then go to the green room .
avoid landmark two and go to the first floor .
travel through the red room then go to the green room .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark one
head to landmark two after going to the yellow room .
go through the red room and navigate to the first floor .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark two .
go through landmark one on your way to the first floor .
avoid the green room navigate to the orange room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark one and stop
go to the green room avoiding landmark one .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the blue room .
go to the third floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the blue room
move to the green room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
avoid landmark two until after the yellow room
go to anywhere on the first floor .
go through the yellow room to the red room .
go to the red room through the second floor
avoid the blue room until reaching the first floor .
got to landmark three through the green room .
avoid the purple room and go to the green room .
go from twond floor to green room .
always avoid the red room and navigate to the second floor .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the orange room .
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark three .
go to the green room then go to the purple room .
go to landmark two through landmark one
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark three . if you reached the purple room then you can proceed to landmark three .
avoid the orange room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the orange room .
go to the purple room and then go to the red room .
go from the first floor to the blue room .
move to landmark one but go through the purple room first .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the yellow room .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the purple room .
go through the blue room before going to landmark three
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
go to the green room without going to the purple room .
go through the red room before going to landmark one
go to the second floor by first going to the third floor .
navigate to the second floor through the first floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark two and stop
always avoid landmark two and go to the orange room .
visit the second floor and then proceed to the first floor .
navigate through landmark three and go to the orange room .
go to red room and then to green room
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark three .
avoid the purple room until you enter the green room .
go to landmark one then down to the orange room .
move to the first floor travelling through landmark three .
go to the red room through the twond floor
avoid the green room until you go to the red room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark one
go to landmark three before going to the first floor .
go to landmark two avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark two .
go through the blue room to landmark one .
go to the blue room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the green room .
go through the first floor to the orange room .
move to the green room without leaving the third floor .
pass through the purple room before going to the second floor .
always avoid landmark one and go to the green room .
go to second floor without going into the blue room
go to the second floor and avoid landmark three .
go to the green room without going to the yellow room .
always avoid the orange room go to landmark one .
go from the yellow room to the orange room
avoid the blue room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the blue room or just stay on the third floor .
head to landmark two after going to the red room .
go to landmark one then go to the third floor .
stay on the third floor and move to landmark two .
go to the third floor then go to the purple room
avoid the green room until reaching the third floor .
stay on the first floor while going to the orange room .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark three .
while always avoiding the purple room go to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark three .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark one .
navigate to the yellow room through the blue room .
go to anywhere on the second floor .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the first floor .
move to the first floor travelling through landmark two .
avoid the purple room until after you ve gone to the yellow room .
go to the third floor without going to the orange room .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the blue room .
avoid the purple room and go to the yellow room .
without stepping outside of the red room go to landmark three .
go to landmark three from the second floor only .
go to the yellow room through the twond floor
while remaining within the blue room go to landmark three .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
avoid the purple room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the purple room .
avoid landmark one and go to the orange room .
head to landmark one without changing floors .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the yellow room
avoid landmark one until you pass through orange room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the green room .
go from twond floor to purple room .
pass through landmark three on your way to the second floor .
go through the purple room to the orange room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the red room
move towards blue room and then to first floor .
head to landmark two without changing floors .
avoid the blue room and travel to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the orange room .
move to the first floor by going through the orange room
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
go to landmark three and remain within the orange room .
navigate to the third floor but do n t ever go to landmark one .
avoid the red room until after you ve gone to the orange room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the blue room .
stay on the third floor and move to landmark one .
first navigate to the yellow room then make your way to the purple room .
navigate directly to landmark one .
stay on the first floor while going to the purple room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark two . if you reached the green room you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark two .
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark two .
move to landmark three after moving to the second floor .
stay on the third floor and go to the purple room .
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark two .
go to the first floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the blue room or be done .
go through the blue room then make your way to landmark two .
go to landmark two then head to the third floor .
go to the second floor by first going through the red room .
got to landmark one through the green room .
avoid landmark two until after the blue room
go to the purple room by first going through the blue room .
avoid the red room
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the green room .
do n t leave the purple room and go to landmark one .
proceed to the green room by going through the purple room .
go to the third floor then navigate to the purple room .
proceed to landmark two but never move outside of the yellow room .
go through the second floor to the first floor .
go through landmark one and then to the onest floor .
move to the third floor travelling through landmark three .
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the first floor then go to the purple room .
stay in the red room to get to landmark two .
go to the red room without going to landmark three .
navigate to the red room after going to the first floor .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
go through the red room to landmark two .
stay on the first floor and move to landmark two .
go through the green room then to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor before going to the blue room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the orange room
go to the first floor by first going through the red room .
go to the green room through the first floor
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark three .
go to landmark two .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark one .
avoid the red room until reaching landmark three .
go to landmark three without leaving orange room .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark one .
go to landmark two through the yellow room
move to the first floor by going through the yellow room
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark three . if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark three .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the first floor .
move to landmark two but avoid landmark one .
go to the third floor and then go to the first floor .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the yellow room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark three
move to landmark three and then proceed to the red room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark one . if you reached the purple room then you can proceed to landmark one .
remain on the first floor and move to the purple room .
avoid landmark one until you have passed through landmark three
avoid the orange room and go to the third floor .
go to the second floor through the first floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark three .
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark one
avoid landmark two until going to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until going to the blue room .
avoid landmark three and proceed to landmark one
avoid the red room on your way to landmark three .
stay on the third floor while going to the orange room .
go up to the first floor without going to landmark two .
travel through the blue room then go to the green room .
avoid the green room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the green room or just stay on the first floor .
go to the orange room and avoid the green room .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the yellow room .
go to landmark two but do not first pass through landmark one .
pass through landmark two before going to the third floor .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the blue room .
always avoid landmark three and go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark three .
go to landmark one before going to the first floor .
always avoid the red room go to the first floor .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the orange room .
go to landmark one and remain within the green room .
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark two .
avoid the red room and travel to the orange room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the green room .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the blue room .
stay in the red room to get to landmark one .
go to landmark two and then go to the red room .
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go through the third floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the red room before you go to landmark three .
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark three .
go to landmark three through the orange room .
avoid landmark one until you pass through purple room .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the green room .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark one .
go through landmark two and then to the onest floor .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until reaching the yellow room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the green room
go through the yellow room first then go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark one
always avoid landmark one and go to the first floor .
navigate to the green room staying on the third floor .
without leaving the red room go to landmark three .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark two .
proceed to the orange room by going through the purple room .
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
go to the green room before going to the orange room .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the second floor .
go from twond floor to yellow room .
go to landmark three .
go to the second floor but never go to the purple room .
move to the third floor travelling through the yellow room .
avoid the green room and go to the orange room .
go to blue room and then to orange room
go to the green room through the purple room
go to the orange room while always avoiding the red room
navigate to the first floor before going to the orange room .
go to the second floor and then go to the blue room .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark two . if you reached the red room then you can proceed to landmark two .
move to the orange room and then the green room .
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark one .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
always avoid going to landmark one through the blue room
go to the third floor without going to the purple room .
move to landmark one without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the orange room .
do n t go into the purple room until going to landmark one
avoid landmark one until after the orange room
avoid the purple room until you go to the first floor .
head to the red room but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark one
go from the green room to the purple room
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
go to the first floor through the third floor .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until going through landmark two .
go through the blue room then make your way to landmark three .
go to the red room before going to the purple room .
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the third floor .
head to the orange room but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
move to landmark one but go through the orange room first .
go to landmark three without leaving the orange room .
while remaining within the blue room go to landmark two .
always avoid the orange room go to landmark three .
go to the third floor then move to the red room .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark three
go to the third floor and then to landmark two .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the green room
avoid the purple room until going to the second floor .
go through landmark two on your way to the third floor .
go to landmark one and avoid the green room .
first go to to landmark one then go to the orange room .
avoid landmark three until you go to landmark one .
go to the purple room then proceed to landmark one .
go through landmark two on your way to the second floor .
avoid landmark two until reaching the green room .
navigate to the second floor avoiding landmark one .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the purple room .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
go through the first floor to the red room .
navigate to landmark three through the second floor .
travel to landmark one .
first go to landmark one then go to the purple room .
move to the purple room without leaving the second floor .
go from the first floor to the blue room
without leaving the first floor go to the red room .
go to the blue room through landmark two .
go to or through landmark two avoiding going through landmark three
avoid the orange room until you go through the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark three .
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark two .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the orange room .
go through landmark three to landmark two .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
avoid the orange room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the orange room or just stay on the first floor .
go to landmark two and then go to the first floor .
go to landmark one through the blue room
go through the blue room first then go to the purple room .
go to landmark one via the third floor .
go to the onest floor through landmark one
avoid the blue room until going to the first floor .
go to landmark three but do not enter the red room first .
go to the first floor then go to the orange room
go to the red room and then go to the orange room .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark two . if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark two .
go to the purple room through the orange room .
go through the red room to the first floor .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the purple room .
go to the blue room then proceed to landmark three .
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark one .
go to landmark two and avoid the green room .
move to landmark three .
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the second floor .
go to landmark two and avoid the red room .
go to the purple room then go to the green room .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the purple room .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to first floor .
go through the first floor and navigate to the green room .
move to landmark three . do n t change floors if already on twond floor .
go to the blue room through the third floor
navigate to the purple room by passing through the first floor .
avoid landmark three and go to the blue room .
first go to landmark three then go to the orange room .
go to the blue room without going through the green room .
head to landmark one after going to the red room .
navigate to the red room by passing through the second floor .
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark three .
got to landmark one through the green room .
remain on the first floor and move to the green room .
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
avoid the green room until you go to the purple room .
go to landmark one always avoiding the red room .
go through the purple room to the first floor .
go to landmark three before navigating to the second floor .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the red room .
go to landmark two avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark two .
go to landmark one then down to the orange room .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the orange room .
go to landmark one while staying on the third floor .
go to the orange room by touching the green room .
head to landmark three without changing floors .
go to the first floor and then to landmark two .
go to yellow room and then to red room
go to the orange room avoiding landmark two .
avoid the red room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to the first floor via the yellow room .
go to the green room and then go to the red room .
navigate through landmark two and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one through the green room
stay on the second floor and go to the purple room .
always avoid the landmark three and travel to landmark two .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room
go to landmark three then go to the third floor .
go to orange room and then to purple room
go to landmark three through the purple room
go to the purple room and avoid landmark three .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the red room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the yellow room .
move to the third floor without entering the red room .
go through the purple room first then go to the green room .
go to the landmark three before going to landmark one
navigate to the purple room staying on the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until going to the third floor .
go to the second floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the blue room
go to the purple room by first going through landmark three .
navigate to the first floor via the red room .
get to landmark one while avoiding landmark three
from the third floor navigate to the green room .
avoid the green room until you enter the red room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark one .
move to the third floor travelling through landmark one .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark one .
go to the green room by first going through the blue room .
avoid landmark one until you go to the orange room .
without leaving the first floor go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the second floor .
go to the blue room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the orange room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the orange room .
without leaving the second floor go to the yellow room .
