go to the purple room then go to landmark one .
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark two .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the orange room .
go to the third floor then go to landmark two .
from the third floor navigate to the first floor .
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark three .
go to landmark three by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
go to landmark two before going to the orange room
always avoid the green room and go to the orange room .
move to the purple room and then the red room .
go to the orange room without going to the green room . if you reached the orange room now you can go to the green room .
go to landmark two and avoid the green room
go to landmark three then head to the third floor .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark one
go to landmark two through landmark one .
stay on the second floor to get to landmark one .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark three .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark three .
avoid landmark one and proceed to landmark three
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the orange room .
go to the orange room and go down to the onest floor .
move to the blue room without leaving the second floor .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark two . if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark two .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
move to landmark three . do n t change floors if already on twond floor .
head to the orange room but make sure to go through the blue room first .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the orange room .
go through the green room to landmark one .
avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
always avoid going to landmark three through the green room
go to the purple room through the blue room
go to orange room but do not go to green room .
go to the orange room through the third floor .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the green room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the red room .
avoid the purple room until reaching the second floor .
navigate through landmark one then go to landmark three .
go to the second floor and then head to landmark one .
go from onest floor to landmark two .
go to the first floor then move to the green room .
avoid landmark two until after the orange room
go to landmark two always avoiding the purple room .
navigate to the first floor through the third floor .
avoid the green room and navigate to the yellow room .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the orange room
go to third floor without going into the blue room
avoid the red room and navigate to the green room .
move to the red room without leaving the second floor .
go to the third floor via the blue room .
go to the yellow room then go to the green room .
go through the orange room then to the third floor .
navigate to the red room but never go to the green room .
go to the red room and go down to the onest floor .
move to the red room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
without leaving the first floor go to the purple room .
go from twond floor to purple room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark one
navigate through landmark two to the third floor .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the green room .
go to landmark two and avoid the orange room .
go from the second floor to landmark two .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the green room .
go through the blue room before going to the green room .
go to landmark two while avoiding going through any other objects
always go to landmark two before navigating to the orange room .
navigate through landmark two and go to the blue room .
go to second floor without going into the yellow room
navigate to the green room but never go to the red room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three . if you ve reached landmark three then you can go to landmark one .
avoid landmark two until you pass through yellow room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark three .
avoid landmark two until after the red room
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark two .
go to landmark one via the first floor .
go to the purple room through the twond floor
go to landmark one by only navigating within the green room .
go to landmark two and remain within the green room .
move to the third floor by going through the red room
avoid the landmark three and go to the second floor .
go to landmark one avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark one .
go from the purple room to the orange room
avoid the red room until going through landmark one .
do n t leave the green room and go to landmark three .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the purple room now you can go to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until landmark one .
go to the purple room through the second floor .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the red room
go to the green room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the red room .
go to landmark three avoiding the first and third floors .
go to or through landmark two . always avoid going to landmark two through landmark three
go to landmark three and avoid the green room
navigate to the red room always avoiding the blue room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the yellow room .
go through the yellow room then to the second floor .
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark three .
go to purple room but do not go to red room .
navigate to the orange room by passing through the third floor .
go to the yellow room then go to the third floor .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the third floor .
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark one .
go to landmark three then landmark one .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the orange room .
go to the green room by first going through the red room .
avoid the orange room until reaching the second floor .
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark three .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark one .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark three and stop
go through landmark three to the red room .
avoid the green room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the green room or just stay on the third floor .
navigate through landmark three and go to the yellow room .
always go through landmark two and then to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the yellow room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark three .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark one .
go to the yellow room through landmark three
avoid the yellow room until after you ve gone to the red room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark one
navigate to the second floor before going to the first floor .
while remaining within the yellow room go to landmark one .
stay on the first floor while going to the blue room .
go through the red room to the second floor .
go to landmark one and avoid the purple room .
go through the second floor to the orange room .
avoid the green room until you enter the purple room .
avoid landmark one until you pass through green room .
go to the orange room through the twond floor
go to the first floor then go to landmark one .
go to landmark two only through the twond floor
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the red room .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the red room .
move to the first floor by going through the green room
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the red room .
go to the orange room through the first floor .
avoid landmark one and go to the green room .
go to the orange room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room and go to the first floor .
move towards blue room and then to third floor .
remain on the second floor while going to the green room .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the green room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the green room
go to the orange room before going to the purple room .
navigate through landmark one to the third floor .
go through landmark three and navigate to the purple room .
move to the green room and then move to landmark three .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the orange room .
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go through the yellow room first then go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark three .
do n t go into the green room until going to landmark two
go to landmark one and then go to the onest floor .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
proceed to landmark two but avoid landmark three on the way . if you have reached landmark two then you can proceed to landmark three .
go to the second floor and then go to the yellow room .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the green room .
go to the first floor after you go to the third floor .
navigate through landmark three then go to landmark two .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark two
go through landmark two to the purple room .
go to the third floor but do not go through the blue room first .
navigate to the first floor avoiding landmark one .
go through the purple room before going to landmark two
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
go to the twond floor and then go to the purple room .
navigate through landmark one and go to the red room .
avoid the green room and travel to the red room .
go to landmark one while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to landmark one and always avoid the blue room
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two . if you ve reached landmark two then you can go to landmark three .
go to landmark two avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark two .
do not go into the green room until going to landmark two
go through the blue room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the purple room through the first floor .
go to landmark one avoiding the first and third floors .
go to landmark three but remain on the third floor .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the green room
navigate to landmark three through the third floor .
do n t go into the red room until going to landmark one
avoid landmark three until you go to the blue room .
go to the red room through the blue room .
go through landmark three to the second floor .
go to the green room and avoid the purple room .
avoid the blue room until you go to the third floor .
go through the green room first then go to the red room .
without stepping outside of the blue room go to landmark two .
go to the orange room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark two
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
stay on the second floor and go to the blue room .
go to landmark one then go to the second floor .
proceed to the red room but do n t leave the third floor .
go through the green room before going to the orange room .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark three
stay on the second floor to get to landmark two .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the second floor .
go to the purple room but avoid landmark one . if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the blue room .
go through landmark two to the blue room .
avoid the blue room
go to the orange room without going to the purple room . if you reached the orange room now you can go to the purple room .
avoid the green room until passing landmark one .
avoid the blue room
go to the blue room through the twond floor
avoid the orange room until reaching the first floor .
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark two
go to the yellow room through landmark two
go to the purple room while always avoiding the red room
go to the purple room through landmark three .
avoid landmark one while traveling to landmark three . once there you may travel to landmark one .
remain on the second floor and move to the green room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark one and stop
go from the onest floor to landmark three
proceed to the red room by going through the yellow room .
move to landmark two . do n t change floors if already on twond floor .
go to the blue room and avoid landmark three .
go from the green room to the orange room
avoid the green room until after you ve gone to the blue room .
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark three .
avoid the red room until going to the yellow room .
go to landmark three through the green room
go to the orange room without going to landmark two .
always avoid the purple room and go to the orange room .
avoid the purple room and go to the red room .
avoid the red room until going through landmark three .
go to the first floor and avoid the red room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the blue room .
pass through the purple room on your way to the second floor .
navigate to landmark three through the blue room .
go to landmark one through the first floor .
go to the second floor and then head to landmark three .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark three .
go from onest floor to landmark three .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the red room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one .
go to landmark one by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
go to the orange room without going to the red room . if you reached the orange room now you can go to the red room .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark two . if you reached the yellow room then you can proceed to landmark two .
go to the orange room through the green room
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark three .
go through the purple room to the third floor .
go to the twond floor but avoid the yellow room .
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark one .
avoid landmark two until you pass through red room .
go to yellow room but do not go to orange room .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark three . if you reached the green room then you can proceed to landmark three .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to landmark three .
go through the third floor to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor and then navigate to the second floor .
avoid the red room and go to landmark one
avoid landmark one until after you go to landmark three .
go to the orange room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the purple room .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark two .
go to landmark one without changing floors
go to the yellow room by first going through the red room .
go through landmark three to landmark one .
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark one .
go to the yellow room and avoid the purple room .
stay in the blue room to get to landmark two .
go to the red room through the blue room
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the blue room .
move to landmark two but travel to the onest floor first .
go to landmark one from the first floor only .
remain on the second floor and move to the red room .
pass through the orange room on your way to the third floor .
always pass landmark one before landmark three .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the orange room
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the purple room
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark one .
travel through the yellow room then go to the purple room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the red room
navigate to landmark two .
go through the red room to the orange room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the green room
go to the second floor and then to landmark one .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the purple room .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark two .
head to landmark three after going to the blue room .
go to the first floor then go to the orange room .
navigate to the orange room by passing through the first floor .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the red room .
do n t leave the yellow room and go to landmark three .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the red room .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the orange room .
avoid landmark three and go to the red room .
pass through landmark three before going to the second floor .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the blue room
move to landmark one and then proceed to the blue room .
go to landmark three and avoid the yellow room .
go to the first floor by first going through the orange room .
without leaving the orange room go to landmark three .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark one .
go to landmark three without changing floors .
go to the blue room by first going through landmark one .
avoid the orange room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the orange room or just stay on the third floor .
move towards yellow room and then to first floor .
go from the purple room to the red room
avoid landmark one until navigating to the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the orange room .
move to landmark three without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the green room .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the purple room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the orange room .
proceed to the orange room by going through the blue room .
go to landmark two without leaving the blue room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the red room .
go to the red room only through the onest floor
go through the third floor and navigate to the red room .
avoid landmark one until you go to the red room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark two .
go through the blue room to landmark two .
navigate from the third floor to the red room .
go to the red room and avoid landmark two .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark one .
avoid the blue room until landmark one .
move to the orange room without changing floors .
go to the second floor but do not go through the red room first .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
go to the blue room but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to landmark one through the second floor .
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
go to the first floor always avoiding the orange room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark two .
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room through the purple room .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the red room .
go to the third floor and avoid landmark three .
go to the green room and go down to the onest floor .
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark one
go to the first floor then navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the orange room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the orange room
move to the yellow room without leaving the first floor .
navigate from the first floor to the green room .
go to yellow room but do not go to red room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the second floor .
go to the twond floor but avoid the yellow room .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark one .
always go through landmark two and then to the red room .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the orange room .
go to landmark one and avoid the blue room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark one .
navigate to the red room but never go to the orange room .
avoid landmark two until going to the red room .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the second floor .
move to the third floor and then head to landmark one .
go through the blue room first then go to the red room .
go to second floor without going into the orange room
move to the orange room and then move to landmark one .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the blue room
go to landmark three while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark three
avoid the green room and go to landmark one .
visit landmark three but do n t leave the second floor .
go to the second floor but avoid landmark one .
avoid the red room and go to the green room .
navigate to landmark one always avoiding landmark three .
pass through landmark one on your way to the first floor .
avoid landmark one until reaching the yellow room .
go through the red room before going to the orange room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the blue room .
go to the purple room through the second floor
always go through the purple room and then to landmark three .
go to the third floor then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark two via the second floor .
always go through the purple room and then to landmark two .
go to the green room while always avoiding the blue room
always avoid landmark three and go to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark one .
go to landmark two but avoid landmark one .
go to landmark two through the red room
go to the third floor avoiding the green room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the green room
go through landmark three before going to the green room .
go to the first floor and then go to the green room .
go to the orange room by first going through landmark two .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to landmark three then go to the red room .
avoid the blue room and go to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the purple room .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the purple room .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark three .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark one .
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark one .
avoid landmark three and move into the green room .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark one .
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark three .
always avoid going to landmark one through the orange room
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark three .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark three .
go to landmark two .
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark two .
go to the red room without going to the purple room .
go to the blue room before going to the red room .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark two
navigate to the third floor before going to the second floor .
go to the purple room and then go to landmark one .
go through the blue room to the third floor .
pass through landmark three before going to the first floor .
go to the purple room via landmark three .
avoid the orange room and travel to the yellow room .
pass through the red room on your way to the first floor .
go from the twond floor to the yellow room
avoid the purple room and travel to the orange room .
visit the yellow room and then move to the third floor .
avoid the red room until after going to the first floor .
go to landmark three and then go to the purple room .
go to the purple room by touching the yellow room .
without stepping outside of the purple room go to landmark one .
go to landmark one and then go to the second floor .
without leaving the second floor go to the red room .
avoid the red room and go to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the second floor .
move to the orange room without changing floors .
go to the first floor without going to the blue room .
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark three .
go to the twond floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there or head to the green room .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the orange room .
always avoid the purple room go to the third floor .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the green room .
go through the yellow room to landmark two .
go to the green room through the yellow room .
go to the third floor then go to the yellow room
go to the first floor via the blue room .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
go through landmark three and navigate to the green room .
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark two .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the green room .
go to the green room but avoid landmark one . if you reached to the green room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
avoid the red room and go to landmark two
go to the third floor before you go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark three
go to the yellow room without going to the blue room .
move to the second floor by going through the blue room
go to landmark two but do not first go through the yellow room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the green room
go to the first floor and then go to the purple room .
go to landmark three and then go to the red room .
visit landmark two but do n t leave the first floor .
go through the blue room then to the first floor .
go through the orange room first then go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark one .
go to landmark one through the red room .
avoid the yellow room until after going to the first floor .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the purple room
always go through the blue room before going to landmark three .
go to the purple room without going to the green room
go to the red room before you go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until going to the green room .
go to landmark three avoiding the first and third floors .
go to landmark three and then to landmark one .
go to the purple room and avoid the orange room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the purple room .
go to the blue room before going to the purple room .
always avoid the green room while navigating to the second floor .
move to the orange room without leaving the second floor .
first go to landmark three then go to the green room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark one and stop
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the first floor .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the green room .
go through landmark three before going to the blue room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the green room .
go to the red room before going to the green room .
go through the second floor to the purple room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark two
go to the blue room through the twond floor
avoid the blue room and go to landmark one .
avoid landmark two until you go to the red room .
without leaving the purple room go to landmark three .
always pass landmark three to get to level one .
proceed to the green room by going through the yellow room .
always go through the yellow room to get to the purple room .
move to the yellow room .
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark three .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the orange room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the orange room
go through the red room then to the first floor .
first go to to landmark one then go to the red room .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the blue room .
go to landmark one while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the red room while staying on the second floor .
stay in the green room and go to landmark three .
pass through landmark one before going to the third floor .
go to the second floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the blue room
remain on the third floor while going to the green room .
navigate to landmark two always avoiding landmark three .
go to the blue room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the purple room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the blue room .
navigate to the purple room staying on the first floor .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the blue room .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark one .
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark two .
pass through landmark three before going to the third floor .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the purple room .
proceed to landmark two but never move outside of the blue room .
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark three
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the first floor .
avoid the green room and travel to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until you go through the green room .
navigate to the first floor via the green room .
pass through the purple room before going to the first floor .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark one . if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
do not go into the green room until going to landmark one
go to landmark three while always avoiding the blue room
head to the yellow room but first go to the first floor .
stay in the red room and go to landmark two and stop
go to landmark three through the green room .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark three
go to the twond floor but avoid the orange room .
go to the red room through the third floor
go through landmark one before going to the third floor .
go to the orange room but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to the orange room landmark two through landmark three green room
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark one
stay on the third floor while going to the purple room .
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark three .
avoid landmark one until reaching the red room .
go to the third floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
avoid the red room until going to landmark one .
head to the yellow room but make sure to go through the red room first .
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark one
go to landmark one then go to the yellow room .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark three .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark one .
go to landmark one without leaving green room .
go to the first floor then move to the purple room .
go to the second floor but do not go through the purple room first .
avoid the purple room until you go through the yellow room .
move to landmark two but travel to the onest floor first .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the orange room .
move to landmark two without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the blue room .
move to the third floor without entering the yellow room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the purple room
do n t leave the yellow room and go to landmark one .
always go through the red room to get to the green room .
travel through the orange room then go to the purple room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the green room .
go to landmark one and then go to the blue room .
go to the first floor but do not go through the orange room first .
avoid the orange room until going to the red room .
go from the orange room to the yellow room
always avoid the orange room go to the third floor .
move to the third floor travelling through the purple room .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the green room .
go to landmark two then go to the red room .
go to landmark three then head to the second floor .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark three
always go through the yellow room to get to the red room .
go to the twond floor then go to the green room
always go to landmark one before navigating to the blue room .
go to landmark one always avoiding the blue room .
go to the third floor but never go to the red room .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the blue room .
navigate to landmark two through the first floor .
avoid the red room until going to the first floor .
go to the first floor after going to the second floor .
navigate to the blue room by passing through the second floor .
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
navigate to the red room by passing through the first floor .
go through the blue room before going to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room and go to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the blue room .
visit the third floor then go to the second floor .
avoid the orange room and go to the red room .
go to the green room without going to landmark one .
go to the green room while staying on the first floor .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark three
always go through the blue room before going to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor before going to the red room .
pass through landmark three on your way to the third floor .
go to the blue room through landmark two
always avoid the blue room and go to the purple room .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the green room .
stay on the third floor and go to the green room .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the green room .
go to the blue room only through the onest floor
do n t go into the purple room until going to landmark three
without stepping outside of the orange room go to landmark three .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the orange room .
go through the red room before going to the yellow room .
go to landmark three but remain on the second floor .
go to the third floor through the red room .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the red room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark one .
go to the third floor then head to the second floor .
always avoid the blue room and go to the yellow room .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
go from the twond floor to the yellow room
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the yellow room .
go to purple room but do not go to orange room .
go to the blue room then proceed to landmark two .
go to the red room then proceed to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor through the blue room .
go to landmark one without leaving the yellow room .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the yellow room .
travel through the blue room then go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room and avoid the green room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three . if you reached the green room you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark three .
without leaving the first floor go to the green room .
navigate to the green room after going to the first floor .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the orange room .
go to the yellow room through the first floor
go to yellow room and then to orange room
go through the red room to the green room .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark two .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the third floor .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark two .
avoid landmark three and proceed to landmark two
navigate to the orange room through the green room .
go to landmark three while avoiding going through any other objects
move to the red room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two . if you have reached landmark two then you can go to landmark one .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark two .
go to landmark one then down to the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
go to the blue room but do not enter the green room first .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until you enter the red room .
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark one .
go to the blue room but do not enter the purple room first .
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark two .
avoid the green room until going to the third floor .
stay in the green room and go to landmark two .
go to the red room then proceed to landmark two .
avoid the orange room
go to the second floor but never go to the red room .
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark one .
avoid the green room until you go through the purple room .
navigate to the orange room through the yellow room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark two and stop
go to the orange room without going through the green room .
move to the blue room avoiding landmark two . if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark two .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark one .
go to the purple room through the blue room .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the orange room first .
avoid the purple room until you go to the yellow room .
go to second floor and then to landmark three
go to landmark one avoiding the first and third floors .
go through the blue room before going to landmark one
go through the green room to landmark two .
always avoid the blue room and go to the orange room .
from the third floor navigate to the purple room .
go to the purple room
avoid the red room until you go to the green room .
first navigate to landmark one then go to landmark three .
navigate to the third floor before going to the orange room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one . if you have reached landmark one then you can go to landmark three .
avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
go to the first floor by first going to the second floor .
go to the third floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the orange room or be done .
navigate through landmark one and go to the green room .
navigate through landmark two to the first floor .
go to landmark three without leaving the green room .
go through the first floor to the blue room .
go to landmark one before navigating to the first floor .
go through landmark two before going to the yellow room .
go to the purple room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark three .
navigate to the second floor avoiding landmark three .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark three .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the purple room .
avoid the orange room until you enter the yellow room .
always avoid landmark one and go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room by touching the blue room .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the red room .
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the red room
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the yellow room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the red room .
go to the purple room without going to the red room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the blue room .
go to the blue room but avoid landmark one . if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to landmark two .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
always pass landmark three before landmark one .
go through the purple room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the orange room and then navigate to the green room .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark one .
go to first floor without going into the green room
go to landmark one but do not enter the blue room first .
go to the purple room only through the onest floor
go through the blue room before going to the first floor .
go to the red room without going to the blue room
go through the green room before going to landmark three
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the green room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark one .
go to landmark two and then go to the purple room .
go to landmark one from the third floor only .
avoid the red room and travel to the purple room .
go to green room and then to orange room
go to landmark one avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark one .
always go through the red room to get to the purple room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the orange room .
go through the green room to the third floor .
go to landmark two and always avoid the blue room
avoid the green room until you go through the red room .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the purple room .
navigate to the green room through the yellow room .
go to the orange room through the third floor
go to first floor and then to landmark one
stay on the third floor and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one without first passing through landmark three .
go to the onest floor through the green room
go to landmark two by only navigating within the green room .
go to the yellow room and avoid the orange room .
go through the green room first then go to the purple room .
go to the first floor but do not go through the red room first .
go to the yellow room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the green room .
always avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the blue room .
always go through the purple room before going to landmark three .
go to landmark three before going to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the green room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two .
travel through the yellow room then go to the green room .
go from the third floor to landmark three .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the purple room .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the orange room .
always avoid the red room go to the second floor .
go to purple room and then to orange room
first go to to landmark three then go to the green room .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
go to the red room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the orange room .
go to the orange room by first going through landmark three .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two . if you ve reached landmark two then you can go to landmark one .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark two .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the green room .
go to the red room and then navigate to the green room .
go to the second floor after you go to the first floor .
avoid the green room until navigating to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the third floor .
visit landmark one but do n t leave the second floor .
go through the yellow room then make your way to landmark one .
avoid the purple room until going to landmark two .
move to the third floor but go through landmark two first .
visit landmark two but do n t leave the second floor .
avoid the green room until going through landmark two .
while remaining within the blue room go to landmark one .
go to landmark three then go to the first floor .
move to landmark one without leaving the first floor .
go to landmark one before going to the green room
avoid the red room and go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark two .
always avoid the orange room and go to the green room .
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark three .
go to the first floor by going through landmark two .
always avoid the green room and go to landmark three .
go to the purple room without ever leaving the third floor .
go to the orange room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the orange room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark one .
go to landmark one without changing floors
avoid the red room until going through landmark two .
avoid landmark one and move into the red room .
go to landmark two and remain within the blue room .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
got to landmark two through the green room .
go to the green room without going to landmark three .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark one
go to the second floor by first going through the orange room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark one .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the green room .
go to the twond floor then go to the red room
go from the onest floor to landmark two
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the orange room .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the blue room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the green room .
go to the orange room without ever leaving the first floor .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the orange room .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the purple room
always go through the purple room to get to the red room .
avoid the green room and navigate to the red room .
go from the yellow room to the purple room
go through the orange room first then go to the green room .
go to or through landmark two . always avoid going to landmark two through landmark one
go to the second floor avoiding landmark two .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the purple room .
avoid landmark three until you navigate to landmark two .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark two .
move to landmark two without leaving the first floor .
avoid landmark two and move into the red room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark one
avoid the green room until after you ve gone to the yellow room .
navigate to the red room but never go to the blue room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the purple room .
go to the first floor but avoid the green room .
avoid the orange room until you go through the green room .
go to landmark three then go to the purple room .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the green room .
go to the blue room then go to the yellow room .
go from the twond floor to the red room
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the red room
go to landmark three then go to the yellow room .
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark three
go to landmark three through the first floor .
go to the second floor without going to the red room .
go to the yellow room without going through the green room .
go to landmark one without leaving the green room .
go to the first floor and then to landmark one .
go to landmark one and always avoid the purple room
go to the third floor then go to the blue room
stay on the first floor and go to the red room .
go to the second floor then go to the green room
avoid landmark two until you pass through green room .
first go to to landmark three then go to the orange room .
go to the green room and avoid the orange room .
go to the twond floor then go to the blue room
go from the second floor to the orange room
without leaving the second floor go to the orange room .
go to the red room and then go to landmark three .
first navigate to the blue room then make your way to the green room .
go to the second floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the purple room
pass through landmark three on your way to the first floor .
go through the second floor and navigate to the green room .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark two .
go to the purple room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark two .
go to the blue room and then go to landmark one .
go to landmark one while avoiding going through any other objects
go to landmark three before going to the red room
go through the first floor to the red room
go to landmark three then go to landmark one .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark two and stop
pass through the purple room on your way to the third floor .
go from the twond floor to the green room
go through the purple room before going to the red room .
always go through the orange room to get to the purple room .
head to the purple room but first go to the first floor .
go to the red room avoiding landmark one .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
avoid the blue room until reaching the third floor .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the orange room .
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark two .
go to landmark two after navigating to the first floor .
go through landmark one to the green room .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark two .
always avoid going to landmark three through the purple room
navigate to landmark one through the first floor .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the yellow room
advance to landmark three but always avoid the red room .
go through the green room before going to the purple room .
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the red room .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the first floor .
move to the red room and then move to landmark three .
go to red room and then to yellow room
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room via landmark two .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the second floor .
avoid the purple room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the purple room or just stay on the third floor .
go to landmark two but always stay away from landmark one .
go to the orange room then proceed to landmark three .
go to landmark one then down to the yellow room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the blue room .
go to a spot in the yellow room but do n t touch landmark one .
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark one
go to landmark two by only stepping in the red room .
go to the orange room and go down to the onest floor .
go through the red room then make your way to landmark one .
go through the blue room then to the third floor .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the yellow room .
pass through landmark one on your way to the second floor .
go to the third floor by first going through the orange room .
head to the red room and then head to the third floor .
go through the blue room first then go to the green room .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark three .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the first floor .
navigate to landmark three always avoiding landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room go to the third floor .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark two .
go to landmark three by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
always go through landmark one and then to the purple room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark three .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the yellow room
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until after you go to landmark two .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the orange room
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark two
pass through landmark two before going to the second floor .
go to landmark two then head to the second floor .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the purple room .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the yellow room .
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark two .
always go through the purple room before going to landmark two .
go to the green room through the second floor .
go to purple room and then to yellow room
go to the yellow room by first going through the purple room .
always pass landmark three to get to level one .
go to the second floor then navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark two but remain on the third floor .
always go through the green room before going to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room until after going to the third floor .
avoid the red room until landmark three .
without leaving the second floor go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room and then go to the purple room .
go from the first floor to the green room
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to second floor .
go through the blue room before going to landmark two
go to landmark one after going to landmark three .
do n t go into the yellow room until going to landmark two
avoid the red room until after going to the second floor .
always avoid the purple room and go to the green room .
avoid the purple room until passing landmark three .
go to the green room and then navigate to the red room .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark two .
go to the purple room and avoid the red room .
go to the red room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
go to the first floor via the orange room .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
go to the onest floor through the blue room
go through the purple room before going to landmark one
go to landmark three by only navigating within the green room .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the red room .
go to the purple room but do not enter the orange room first .
go from the green room to the yellow room
go from the third floor to the blue room .
go to the first floor without going to the yellow room .
visit landmark one but do n t leave the third floor .
avoid landmark one until you have passed through landmark two
go to the purple room through landmark two
go through the yellow room before going to landmark two
go to landmark three and then go to the second floor .
go through the purple room then to the second floor .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the yellow room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the blue room .
navigate to the blue room staying on the third floor .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the second floor .
go to the red room without ever leaving the third floor .
go to the twond floor but avoid the green room .
go from the second floor to the purple room .
move to the second floor travelling through the red room .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the purple room .
go through landmark two before going to the third floor .
avoid the red room navigate to the yellow room .
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark two
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the red room .
go through landmark one and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the blue room by first going through landmark two .
go to the orange room without going to the green room .
avoid the purple room and travel to the red room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the blue room .
pass through landmark one before going to the second floor .
go to the green room without going to the blue room .
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark two .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three . if you reached landmark three then you can go to landmark one .
go to the first floor and avoid the yellow room .
go to landmark three and always avoid the blue room
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the purple room .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark three .
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark three .
head to the green room but first go to the first floor .
go to landmark three by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the yellow room
go through the blue room to the orange room .
go to the orange room and avoid the red room .
avoid the green room until after going to the third floor .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the orange room .
go to the first floor before you go to the second floor .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room until reaching the third floor .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the third floor .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark three while avoiding the first and third floor .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark two .
go from the first floor to the red room .
go to the purple room without going through the orange room .
navigate to the second floor through the green room .
move to the green room and then the orange room .
go through landmark one before going to the red room .
go to the red room .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the orange room .
go to the green room without going to the red room . if you reached the green room now you can go to the red room .
go to landmark two and remain within the yellow room .
go to landmark two by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
travel through the red room then go to the orange room .
go through the orange room before going to landmark two
remain on the second floor and navigate to the green room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the blue room .
move to the purple room avoiding landmark one . if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark one .
move to the blue room and then the purple room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there or head to the yellow room .
navigate to the blue room after going to the third floor .
always go through landmark one and then to the orange room .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
go to landmark two while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to the orange room landmark two through landmark one green room
move to the yellow room and then the purple room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the green room
go to landmark two without leaving the yellow room .
go to the orange room and avoid landmark one .
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark one
always avoid the green room while navigating to the first floor .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the green room
without leaving the green room go to landmark one .
go to the red room then go to the green room .
go from the second floor to landmark one .
go to the purple room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the red room .
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark one
from the second floor navigate to the first floor .
always avoid the landmark one and travel to landmark three .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the green room .
move to the second floor without entering the red room .
go from twond floor to red room .
go to landmark two but do not enter the red room first .
go to the blue room via landmark one .
go to landmark three without changing floors .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the green room by first going through the orange room .
always go from the third floor to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the orange room .
go to the green room via landmark two .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark three .
go from twond floor to green room .
move to the third floor .
go to the green room through landmark two .
go to the third floor and avoid the purple room .
move to the orange room without leaving the third floor .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark two .
always go through landmark three and then to the orange room .
go to the yellow room by touching the red room .
go through the yellow room before going to the first floor .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark one . if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
move to the green room then continue to the orange room .
go to the red room by first going through landmark two .
go to the third floor via the green room .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the third floor .
go to landmark one but always avoid landmark three .
go to the orange room without going to the blue room .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room .
avoid landmark one until you go to landmark two .
head to the purple room and then head to the third floor .
avoid the purple room until going to the red room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room through the second floor
avoid the landmark three and go to the third floor .
without leaving the third floor go to the blue room .
while remaining within the red room go to landmark three .
go to the first floor then go to the blue room
go to landmark three but avoid landmark one .
go to the third floor then go landmark two .
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark one .
go to the red room without touching landmark two .
go to landmark three through the blue room
go to landmark three while always avoiding the blue room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark one .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the red room
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the blue room
remain on the first floor and navigate to the yellow room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark three
go to landmark one while avoiding going through any other objects
go from the onest floor to landmark three
go to or through landmark three . always avoid going to landmark three through landmark one
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the red room .
pass through the blue room before going to the third floor .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the yellow room
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the purple room .
go to landmark three before going to the yellow room
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark three .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark two .
head to the orange room but make sure to go through the green room first .
avoid the purple room until landmark three .
stay on the first floor and go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the purple room .
avoid landmark two until reaching the blue room .
always go from the third floor to the first floor .
avoid landmark one until you pass through yellow room .
avoid landmark three until after the orange room
go to the first floor through landmark one .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the purple room .
always avoid the orange room and go to the red room .
go to landmark one via the second floor .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark two .
go to landmark three without changing floors
go to the green room before you go to landmark two .
go to the twond floor then go to the green room
navigate to the blue room .
go to the yellow room by first going through the green room .
first go to to landmark three then go to the yellow room .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to second floor .
go to the red room and avoid landmark one .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
without leaving the blue room go to landmark three .
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark one .
go to the third floor always avoiding the red room .
move to the first floor but go through landmark two first .
avoid the green room and go to landmark three
go from the twond floor to the orange room
go to the red room through landmark one .
always avoid landmark one and go to the orange room .
go through the second floor to the purple room
go to landmark three before going to the purple room .
go to landmark one then go to landmark two .
go to landmark three and then to landmark one
go to the purple room through landmark two .
head to the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark one . if you reached the green room you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark one .
move through landark one to landmark three .
navigate to the blue room staying on the second floor .
go to the landmark three before going to landmark two
avoid the purple room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the purple room or just stay on the second floor .
move to landmark three but go through the red room first .
go through the red room before going to the third floor .
avoid the red room until reaching the second floor .
go through the yellow room then to the third floor .
navigate to the second floor through the purple room .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the second floor .
always avoid landmark two and go to the red room .
go to the green room without going to the blue room
navigate to the purple room by passing through the second floor .
go to landmark one by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
avoid landmark two until you go to the green room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the blue room .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark one .
go to the red room and avoid the yellow room .
move to the second floor by going through the orange room
go to landmark three and then the green room
go to the twond floor but avoid the blue room .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the red room .
go to the yellow room then go to the orange room .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark two .
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark one .
go to the second floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
go to the green room without going through the yellow room .
go to landmark three before going to the second floor .
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark one .
navigate to the first floor through the yellow room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the blue room
go to the twond floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to the twond floor then go to the yellow room
go to landmark two and avoid the blue room .
go to landmark two then go to the orange room .
go to the first floor via the purple room .
avoid the orange room
go to the yellow room without going to the red room . if you reached the yellow room now you can go to the red room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark two .
go to the red room through landmark one
go to the third floor and then head to landmark one .
go to the red room but avoid landmark two . if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark three .
move to the red room without leaving the first floor .
go to the third floor then move to the yellow room .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the blue room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the red room
first move to landmark one then navigate to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to landmark one .
go to the yellow room without going through the orange room .
go to the green room and avoid landmark three .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark three and stop
avoid landmark one until you go to the blue room .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the green room .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the orange room .
go to the purple room and go down to the onest floor .
go through the blue room to the red room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the green room .
go to the third floor .
proceed to the blue room but do n t leave the third floor .
go to the twond floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there or head to the orange room .
move to the red room without changing floors .
go from the twond floor to the blue room
always avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
always avoid going to landmark two through the purple room
head to landmark two after going to the orange room .
go through the first floor to the green room
head to the purple room but make sure to go through the blue room first .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the yellow room .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark two .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to landmark two .
head to the red room but first go to the third floor .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the blue room .
avoid the green room and go to the third floor .
go to the second floor via the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark one .
always avoid the red room and go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room .
proceed to the red room but do n t leave the second floor .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark three .
go to the yellow room and then go to the orange room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the green room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the yellow room
avoid landmark two until navigating to the red room .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the green room .
navigate to landmark three through the yellow room .
go from the first floor to landmark three .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the red room .
remain on the third floor while going to the yellow room .
go through the yellow room and navigate to the first floor .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the red room
avoid the red room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the red room .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the yellow room .
go through landmark three to the orange room .
navigate to the second floor and then navigate to the first floor .
go to the green room without going to landmark two .
go through the red room before going to the first floor .
go to the red room but do not enter the green room first .
go to the purple room through the green room .
go to the third floor then go to the second floor .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the green room .
go from the third floor to the red room
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark three .
always pass landmark two to get to level one .
move to the second floor travelling through the yellow room .
go to landmark three from the third floor only .
go to the purple room without going to the red room
go through the green room before going to the second floor .
go to landmark three then go to landmark one .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the purple room .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the red room .
avoid landmark two until reaching the orange room .
avoid the orange room until after going to the second floor .
go to the orange room through landmark three .
go from the first floor to the purple room
go to the purple room before you go to landmark one .
stay on the second floor and move to landmark two .
go from the red room to the green room
without leaving the purple room go to landmark one .
go to the second floor avoiding the red room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the red room
go through the purple room to the red room .
go to the third floor and then go to the blue room .
